The Project Gutenberg EBook of Motion Pictures and Filmstrips, 1970, by 
Copyright Office Library of Congress

This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and most
other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms of
the Project Gutenberg License included with this eBook or online at
www.gutenberg.org.  If you are not located in the United States, you'll have
to check the laws of the country where you are located before using this ebook.

Title: Motion Pictures and Filmstrips, 1970
       Catalog of Copyright Entries: Third Series Volume 24, Parts 12-13

Author: Copyright Office Library of Congress

Release Date: October 1, 2020 [EBook #63357]

Language: English

Character set encoding: UTF-8

*** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MOTION PICTURES, FILMSTRIPS, 1970 ***




Produced by Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)






              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 24, Parts 12-13, Number 1




                     Motion Pictures and Filmstrips




                              January-June
                                  1970


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

                COPYRIGHT OFFICE—THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1970


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                           L.C. card 6—35347

            This number identifies the Library of Congress
            printed card for the complete series of the
            _Catalog of Copyright Entries_.

            For sale by the Superintendent of Documents,
            U.S. Government Printing Office, Washington,
            D.C. 20402. Price of this part is given on page
            vi.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $50 a year, and for periods of one, two, or
three years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive
dates of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable
to the Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20540.


                         Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part. Some parts also contain registrations made under symbols
other than those listed for the particular part, if the subject matter
or type of material is similar to that generally included in the part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

   F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

   I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

   O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United
       States Code_). (BIO, GFO)

   P Published works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works (except those for which the
       second letter F, explained above, is appropriate). (EP, JP)

   U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                  issue_

 Part 1      Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals                        $7.50
 A             Books
 BB            Contributions to periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 2      Periodicals                                            2.50
 B             Periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 3-4   Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            2.50
 C             Lectures and other works prepared for oral
                 delivery
 D             Dramatic or dramatico-musical works
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 5      Music                                                  7.50
 E             Musical compositions
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 6      Maps and Atlases                                       2.50
 F             Maps
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 7-11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works     of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                       $2.50
 G             Works of art and models or designs for
                 works of art
 H             Reproductions of works of art
 I             Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific
                     or technical character
 J             Photographs
 K             Prints and pictorial illustrations
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 11B    Commercial Prints and Labels                           2.50
 KK            Commercial prints and labels
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 12-13 Motion Pictures and Filmstrips                         2.50
 L             Motion-picture photoplays
 M             Motion pictures other than photoplays
 R             Renewal registrations


            Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the
            year $50.00; $12.50 additional for foreign
            mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
            should be addressed to the Superintendent of
            Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office,
            Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations    1

                       Renewal Registrations   47

                       Name Index              57




                              Introduction


Parts 12-13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M, and filmstrips currently registered in
classes A and J. Films for which the copyright has been renewed are
listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The motion
pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons, newsreels,
industrial films, classroom films, television films, etc. Many of the
recording scripts made to accompany filmstrips are registered in classes
C and D and are listed in _Parts 3-4: Dramas and Works prepared for Oral
Delivery_.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Production statement including name of releaser.

  3) Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

  4) Series statement.

  5) Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

  6) Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

  7) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

  8) Information contained in the application which relates to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

  9) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 10) Copyright symbol ©.

 11) Name of the copyright claimant.

 12) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures—or a complete copy of the filmstrip—application, and
       fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

 13) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Feb70 (in notice: 1969), LP37500.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, DC. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Length of film in reels.

  3) Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

  4) Copyright symbol ©.

  5) Date of original copyright.

  6) Original registration number.

  7) Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant, e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

  8) Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

  9) Renewal registration number.




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)              author(s)

 a.a.d.o.         accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.           also known as

 Adm. c.t.a.      administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm. d.b.n.c.t.a. administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.            application

 b&w              black and white

 ©                copyright symbol

 (C)              child or children of the deceased author

 chap.            chapter(s)

 d.b.a.           doing business as

 (E)              executor(s) of the author

 ed.              edition, editor

 ft.              feet

 fr.              frames

 min.             minutes

 mm.              millimeters

 (NK)             next of kin of the deceased author

 NM               new matter

 (PCB)            proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or
                    licensee of the individual author

 (PCW)            proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)            proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)            proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.            previous, previously

 pseud.           pseudonym

 pt.              part, parts

 pub.             published, publishing

 (R)              renewal registration

 reg.             registered, registration

 rev.             revised

 sd.              sound

 sec.             seconds

 si.              silent

 t.a.             trading as

 (W)              widow of the author

 (Wr)             widower of the author




                    Registrations January-June 1970


 Class L— Domestic published motion-picture photoplays               687

          Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                  6

          Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                        7

 Class M— Domestic published motion pictures other than photoplays   585

          Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays           73

 Filmstrips registered in class A                                     87

 Filmstrips registered in class J                                    297
                                                                   —————
          Total                                                    1,742

 Renewals: Class L and M                                             425

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
and filmstrips for January-June 1970, but do not necessarily represent
the exact number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_. Registration figures for other classes of material may be
found in the respective parts.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                     MOTION PICTURES AND FILMSTRIPS




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures and
filmstrips registered during the period covered by this issue.
References from variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are
interfiled.


                                   A

  ADF APPROACHES. See

    INSTRUMENT APPROACHES.

  A. PHILIP RANDOLPH. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  ABDOMEN: ABDOMINAL VESSELS AND NERVES. Teaching Films. 14 min., color,
    16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
    A-V Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8136.

  ABDOMEN: GENERAL RELATIONSHIPS AND PERITONEUM. Teaching Films. 13
    min., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) Appl. author: Teaching
    Films, Inc., div. A-V Corp. © Teaching Films, Inc.; 19Dec69; MU8142.

  ABDOMEN: LIVER, PANCREAS AND SPLEEN. Teaching Films. 14 min., color,
    16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of
    A-V Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8134.

  ABELIA. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  ABOUT INSECTS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Study guide, 1 v. Contents: What is
    an insect? 43 fr.--How Insects develop. 49 fr.--Diversity of
    insects. 58 fr.--Insect classification. 60 fr.--Insects and man. 55
    fr.--Collecting and mounting insects. 66 fr. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1969); A140578.

  [ABRAHAM LINCOLN TO WORLD WAR I] See

    OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE.

  ACCENT ON THE ACCENT. Computer Image Corp. 4 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Dolores Lawler. © Computer Image Corp.; 23Apr70;
    MU8164.

  ACE IN THE HOLE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training
    Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    24Feb70; JP12249.

  ACT OF VIOLENCE. See

    THE FBI.

  ACTINOSPHAERIUM. Thorne Films. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 549) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20127.

  ACTION OF RIVERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. Appl. ti.: The earth: Action of rivers. © Coronet Instructional
    Films, division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20160.

  AD VICE: DR-29. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  ADDING MIXED NUMBERS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 13.

  ADDITION & SUBTRACTION OF DECIMALS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 22.

  ADDITION: CARRYING & COLUMN ADDITION. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 1.

  ADDITION FACTS OF 1-5. Review Educational Films. 10 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the elementary
    school, first level series) © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
    1Sep69; MP20413.

  ADDITION FACTS OF 6, 7, 8, & 9. Review Educational Films. 11 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the
    elementary school, first level series) © Review Educational Films,
    Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20416.

  ADDITION OF INTEGERS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20430.

  ADDRESS MODIFICATION. International Business Machines Corp. 44 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20194.

  ADOPTED DAUGHTER. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 196.

  ADVANCE INFORMATION - TOP SECRET, & HERE'S WHAT WE THINK (Filmstrip)
    Chevrolet Parts & Accessories Dept. 2 filmstrips in 1 roll, color,
    35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12598.

  ADVENTURE ON BAFFIN ISLAND. Peter H. Kruck. 27 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Peter H. Kruck; 19Jan70; MU8128.

  ADVENTURES OF THE AQUAFANATICS. See

    A DIVERS DISSERTATION ON DIVING.

  AFRICA, REPORT FROM A PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER (Filmstrip) Doubleday &
    Co. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. Presented by Doubleday MultiMedia. Written
    & photographed by Scott Gillam. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 15Feb70;
    JP12012.

  AFRICAN FOLK TALES (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. The authentic legends which comprise this series are from the
    book African folk tales. Contents: 926-1--926-2: The girl who loved
    danger, a story from the Congo. 43 fr.--Hamdaani, a story from
    Zanzibar. 52 fr. Illustrator: S. D. Kaicher. © Imperial Film Co.,
    Inc.; 1Apr70; JP12045-12046.

  AFRICAN MASK AND DANCE. Harry Kane. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Harry Kane; 27Apr70; MU8170.

  AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY. Series 2: Chains of slavery (Filmstrip)
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. Contents: Harriet Tubman. 56 fr.--Frederick Douglass. 60
    fr.--Black people in the free North 1850. 59 fr.--Black people in
    the slave South 1850. 61 fr.--Nat Turner's rebellion. 52 fr.--Black
    people in the Civil War. 57 fr. In collaboration with Benjamin
    Quarles & Sterling Stuckey. Margaret Deane, writer; Dennis Bellile &
    Robert Boehmer, artists; Richard O'Neal, designer. © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 29May69; JP11920.

  AFRO-AMERICAN MUSIC: ITS HERITAGE. Communications Group
    West/Hollywood. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communications Group
    West/Hollywood; 3Nov69; LP37491.

  AFTER EVERYTHING I DOODLE, DOODLE, DOODLE DO. See

    SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.

  AFTER HIGH SCHOOL, WHAT? Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young
    University. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young University;
    4Nov69; MP20006.

  THE AGE OF CHAUCER. See

    WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES.

  AGE OF CONSENT. Nautilus Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Norman Lindsay.
    © Nautilus Productions, Ltd.; 8Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP37891.

  THE AGE OF ENLIGHTENMENT. See

    MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.

  AGE OF EXPLORATION. Doubleday Multimedia. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 1Jan70
    (in notice: 1969); MP20489.

  THE AGE OF REVOLUTIONS. See

    MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.

  AGED. Reginald J. Jones. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Reginald J.
    Jones; 17Jul69; MP20264.

  AN AGENT OF THE PLAINTIFF. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Community series) With filmstrip guide,
    12 p. Contents: Modern agriculture. 43 fr.--Vegetables and fruits.
    36 fr.--Dairy and beef cattle. 47 fr.--Cotton and wool fibers. 42
    fr.--Modern industry. 44 fr.--Manufacturing clothing. 38
    fr.--Building houses. 42 fr.--Manufacturing trucks. 49 fr. Produced
    by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69;
    JP12094-12101.

  AH LOVE, AH ME. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  AIN'T NO TIME FOR GLORY. See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  THE AIR JAM. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  THE AIR TABLE. Montgomery Community College. 14 min., sd., b&w, Super
    8 mm. Appl. author: Montgomery Community College, employer for hire
    of Lester Heller. © Montgomery Community College; 11May70; MU8190.

  THE AIRPORT (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 95 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Sanderson Films, Inc.; 15Nov69; JP11899.

  THE AIRPORT. See

    TRAVELING IN AND OUT OF OUR CITY.

  ALADDIN'S LAMP. See

    FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.

  ALBERTINE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  ALCOHOL, DRUGS AND FLIGHT EFFECTS (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 91 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 31Mar70; JP12227.

  ALEXANDRIA QUARTET. See

    JUSTINE.

  ALFREDO OF COSTA RICA. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  ALI BABA AMD THE FORTY THIEVES. See

    FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.

  ALIAS MICKY DOLENZ. See

    THE MONKEES. 25.

  THE ALIENATED AMERICAN (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 72 fr., b&w, 35
    mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Dec. 1969) With Discussion
    manual, 1 v. © New York Times Co.; 2Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
    A136679.

  THE AMAZIN' METS '69. Metropolitan Baseball Club. 9 min., si., b&w, 8
    mm. Appl. author: Winik Films Productions, Inc. © Metropolitan
    Baseball Club, Inc.; 15Dec69; MP20054.

  AMBULATING A PATIENT TO A CHAIR OR WHEELCHAIR. Comprenetics. 18 min.,
    sd., color, 8 mm. (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20321.

  AMERICA IN FLAMES. Jose Garcia & Dalia Garcia. 55 min., si., b&w, 16
    mm. © Jose Garcia & Dalia Garcia; 22Jan70; LU3595.

  AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL (Filmstrip) Boy Scouts of America. 140 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With kit. © Boy Scouts of America; 16Mar70; JP12236.

  AMERICAN NEGRO: HIS STORY AND LITERATURE. See

    SLAVERY AND SLAVE RESISTANCE.

  AMERICAN PAGEANT WRITERS SOUND FILMSTRIP. See

    MARK TWAIN: THE HANNIBAL YEARS.

  AMERICAN PRESIDENCY. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 11, issue 6.

  THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN. ABC Sports. Approx. 50 min. each, sd., color,
    16 mm. © ABC Sports, Inc.

    Show no.

    1. © 10Dec69; MP20337.

    2. © 19Dec69; MP20338.

    3. © 29Dec69; MP20339.

    4. © 7Jan70; MP20340.

    5. © 16Jan70; MP20341.

    6. © 26Jan70; MP20342.

    7. © 4Feb70; MP20343.

    8. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Jun67, MP17986. NM: Segments 1 & 2. ©
      13Feb70; MP20476.

    9. Appl. states prev. reg. 11Dec68, MP19144. NM: Segments 1 & 2. ©
      20Feb70; MP20477.

    10. Appl. states prev. reg. 11Dec68 & 30Dec68, MP19144-19145. NM:
      segment 3. © 4Mar70; MP20515.

    11. Appl. states prev. reg. 17Jan69 & 27Jan69, MP19141-19142. NM:
      segment 2. © 13Mar70; MP20516.

  THE AMERICANIZATION OF EUROPE (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 73 fr.,
    b&w, 35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Jan. 1969) NM: additions
    & revisions. © New York Times Co.; 26Dec68 (in notice: 1969);
    JP12175.

  AMERICA'S ACTION FACTION; or, A new something extra for you and Olds.
    Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © D. P. Brother & Co.; 6Apr70; MU8161.

  AMOEBA. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The Protozoans,
    no. 547) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20251.

  ANCIENT EGYPTIAN CIVILIZATION. See

    LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.

  AND BE MY LOVE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  ANGEL, ANGEL, DOWN WE GO. Four Leaf Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American
    International Pictures, Inc. & Four Leaf Productions, Inc.; 26Nov69;
    LP37642.

  ANIMAL WASTES AND ECOLOGY. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

  ANNOUNCERS TOOLS. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  ANSWERING THE PATIENT'S CALL SIGNAL. Comprenetics. 16 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20336.

  THE ANTERIOR ABDOMINAL WALL. Teaching Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., Division of A-V
    Corp.; 18May70; MU8179.

  THE ANTERIOR THORACIC WALL AND REMOVAL OF THE LUNG. Teaching Films. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films,
    Inc., Division of A-V Corp.; 18May70; MU8180.

  ANTS, FLIES AND MOSQUITOES. See

    CONTROL OF ANTS, FLIES AND MOSQUITOES.

  ANY WAY YOU ADD IT UP (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 27Jan70; JP11991.

  APARTMENT HOUSES. See

    THE SALE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTY: APARTMENT HOUSE.

  APPALACHIA: RICH LAND, POOR PEOPLE. National Educational Television &
    Radio Center. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (NET journal) Appl. ti.:
    Appalachia: Rich land, poor land. © National Educational Television
    & Radio Center; 11Nov68; MP20267.

  APPEALS TO SANTIAGO. Regents of the University of California. 27 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A McGraw-Hill contemporary film. © Regents of the
    University of California; 16Apr69; MP20464.

  THE APPLAUSE MAKERS (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12601.

  AN APPLE IS RED. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES IV.

  THE AQUARIUM. See

    GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.

  ARCELLA. Thorne Films. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 548) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20126.

  ARCTIC SPLASHDOWN. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  ARITHMETIC OPERATIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 4 motion
    pictures, sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) Contents:
    Pt.: 1. 15 min.--2. 16 min.--3. 37 min.--4. 25 min. © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notices: 1968); MP20201-20204.

  ARITHMETIC OPERATIONS. Pt. 1-2. International Business Machines Corp.
    53 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notice: 1968);
    MP20211.

  ARITHMETIC OPERATIONS. Pt. 3: Multiply & divide. International
    Business Machines Corp. 50 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.)
    (1410/7010 programming) © International Business Machines Corp.;
    9Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20212.

  ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. Jott Films. Approx. 10 min. each, sd., b&w,
    Super 8 mm. © Jott Films.

    1. Addition: Carrying & column addition. © 5Dec69; MP20055.

    2. Subtraction: Borrowing, zeros in subtraction. © 5Dec69; MP20056.

    3. Multiplication: Tables & simple multiplication. © 5Dec69;
      MP20057.

    4. Multiplication: Two & three place multipliers. © 5Dec69; MP20058.

    5. Zeros in multiplication. © 5Dec69; MP20059.

    6. Division: Tables & remainders. © 5Dec69; MP20060.

    7. Division: Zeros in the quotient. © 5Dec69; MP20061.

    8. Division: Two place divisors. © 5Dec69; MP20062.

    9. Proper fractions, improper fractions, mixed numbers. © 5Dec69;
      MP20063.

    10. Reducing fractions to lowest terms. © 5Dec69; MP20064.

    11. Fractions: Adding and subtracting numerators. © 5Dec69; MP20065.

    12. Fractions: Addition & subtraction (common denominators) ©
      5Dec69; MP20066.

    13. Adding mixed numbers. © 5Dec69; MP20067.

    14. Subtracting mixed numbers. © 5Dec69; MP20068.

    15. Multiplication of fractions. © 5Dec69; MP20069.

    16. Multiplication of fractions: Simplifying. © 5Dec69; MP20070.

    17. Multiplication of mixed numbers. © 5Dec69; MP20071.

    18. Multiplying whole numbers & mixed numbers. © 5Dec69; MP20072.

    19. Division of fractions. © 5Dec69; MP20073.

    20. Dividing mixed numbers. © 5Dec69; MP20074.

    21. Fractions to decimals, decimals to fractions. © 5Dec69; MP20075.

    22. Addition & subtraction of decimals. © 5Dec69; MP20076.

    23. Multiplication of decimals. © 5Dec69; MP20077.

    24. Dividing decimals. © 5Dec69; MP20078.

  THE ARRANGEMENT. Athena Enterprises Corp. Released by Warner
    Bros.-Seven Arts. 129 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From Elia
    Kazan's novel. © Athena Enterprises Corp. & Warner Bros.-Seven Arts,
    Inc.; 1Dec69; LP37989.

  THE ART AND ARCHITECTURE OF MEDIEVAL FRANCE. Leon Jacobson. 375 min.,
    si., color, 16 mm. © Leon Jacobson; 24Apr70; MU8184.

  ART FOR TOMORROW. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  ART IN ANCIENT LANDS (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School Service. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-4: The art of ancient Egypt.
    67 fr.--The art of the ancient Near East. 63 fr.--The art of ancient
    Greece. 57 fr.--The art of ancient Rome. 58 fr. © Jam Handy School
    Service, Inc.; 19Dec69; JP12041.

  THE ART OF BENJAMIN ZEMACH. University of Judaism. 999 ft., b&w. ©
    University of Judaism; 2Jan70; MU8127.

  THE ART OF BODY MOVEMENT. Mettler Studios. Distributed by Tucson
    Creative Dance Center. 68 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Barbara Mettler
    Hammer; 2Sep69; MP20246.

  THE ARTIST IS FOR FRAMING. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  ARTISTS AT WORK (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School Service. 5 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-5: The lost-wax process. 61 fr.--James
    Rosati, sculptor. 57 fr.--Conrad Marca-Relli, artist. 58 fr.--Ruth
    Leaf, print-maker. 61 fr.--Joe Overstreet, soul painter. 58 fr. ©
    Jam Handy School Service, Inc.; 19Dec69; JP12040.

  ASEPTIC TECHNIQUE. See

    SEQUENTIAL LEARNING SERIES ON FUNDAMENTAL NURSING.

  ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES. Set 1 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films. 3
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Japan: Feeding the people. 44
    fr.--Japan: A nation of cities. 46 fr.--Japan: An industrial giant.
    43 fr. Produced by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules
    Power International Productions & McGraw-Hill. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc. & American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12206-12208.

  ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES. Set 1. (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 1 filmstrip, color, 35 mm. Contents: Thailand: The
    beginnings of progress. 47 fr. Produced in collaboration with Vision
    Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    30Oct67; JP12205.

  ASOKA, LEADER OF ANCIENT INDIA. See

    EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.

  ASTRONOMY: THE SOLAR SYSTEM AND BEYOND (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Study guide,
    1 v. Contents: Astronomical measurement: 1. 36 fr.--2. 43 fr.--The
    sun. 60 fr.--Planets in motion. 60 fr.--Meteors, comets and
    asteroids. 64 fr.--The geography of the universe. 73 fr. © Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1969);
    A140575.

  ATLANTA'S BEHOLD THE MAN (Filmstrip) AMD Studios. 4 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. Contents: Pt. 1. 80 fr.--Pt. 2. 79 fr.--Pt. 3. 74 fr.--Pt. 4.
    79 fr. Photography by Marion Kelley. © AMD Studios; 30Jul69;
    JP11883.

  ATMOSPHERIC POLLUTION. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

  ATTACK OF THE TREE PEOPLE. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  ATTORNEY. See

    THE FBI.

  AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH. Set 1 (Filmstrip) Macmillan Co. 10 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With Teacher's script/guide, 64 p. Contents: Numbers,
    cardinal and ordinal. 55 fr.--Telling time. 50 fr.--Houses. 47
    fr.--Clothing and color. 48 fr.--Food. 44 fr.--The human body. 49
    fr.--Occupations and titles. 49 fr.--Days and months of the
    calendar. 49 fr.--Place names with in, on and at. 42
    fr.--Prepositions. 50 fr. By Patricia Heffernan-Cabrera; designed &
    illustrated by Jack Schecterson Associates. © Macmillan Co.;
    15Dec69; A150586.

  AUNT CLARA. See

    DIRECTIONS.

  AUSTRALOPITHECUS, EAST AFRICA, AND SUMMARY OF AUSTRALOPITHECINES. See

    THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.

  AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TOOTH. See

    THE MOUTH I LIVE IN, AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TOOTH.

  AUTOCODER. International Business Machines Corp. 2 motion pictures,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) Contents: Pt.:
    1. 33 min.--2. 44 min. © International Business Machines Corp.;
    9Jun69 (in notices: 1968); MP20214-20215.

  THE AUTOMATIC BALANCE SARTORIUS 2400. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh.
    Appl. ti.: The sartorius balance 2400. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
    18Jul69; MP20471.

  AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School Service. 5
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-5: The 4-stroke-cycle internal
    combustion engine. 47 fr.--Engine components. 53 fr.--Valve
    mechanism and the 2-stroke cycle. 37 fr.--The fuel system. 48
    fr.--The lubricating and cooling systems. 53 fr. © Jam Handy School
    Service, Inc.; 29May69; JP12038.

  AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY. See

    BATTERY SERVICE.

    PLASTIC FILLER REPAIR.

    PREALIGNMENT CHECKS.

  AUTOS AND ALL THAT TRAFFIC. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.


                                   B

  B.O.D.: DR-27. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  BABY. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  BACKGROUND OF SLAVERY. See

    SLAVERY: AMERICA'S PECULIAR INSTITUTION.

  THE BACKHOE STORY (Filmstrip) Construction Equipment Division, J. I.
    Case Co. 72 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization.
    © J. I. Case Co.; 24Jun70; JU12590.

  THE BALLAD OF JOSIE. Universal Pictures. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Techniscope. © Universal Pictures; 24Feb67; LP37902.

  BALLOONS, ONE THROUGH NINE. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  BANANAS: GOLD FROM THE TROPICS. Centron Educational Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 11Nov69; MP20020.

  BANG! Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 3 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20378.

  BANNING. Universal Pictures. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope.
    © Universal Pictures; 2Sep67; LP37875.

  BAPTISM: SACRAMENT OF BELONGING. Saint Francis Productions. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis
    Productions; 1Sep69; LP37879.

  THE BARANOFF TIMETABLE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  BARBARA ALLEN. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  BARTLEBY. See

    A DISCUSSION OF HERMAN MELVILLE'S BARTLEBY.

  BASIC ASTRONOMY (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide. 22 p. Contents: The
    earth. 53 fr.--Rotation. 46 fr.--Revolution. 50 fr.--Time. 48
    fr.--Light, 39 fr.--Moon and eclipses. 50 fr. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 12Apr67 (in notice: 1966); A140583.

  BASIC COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE (Filmstrip) Audication. 407 fr.,
    color, 16 mm. Donald L. Keller, consultant. © Audication, Inc.;
    10Nov69; JP11919.

  BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education.
    4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide and reading script,
    4 v. Contents: A416-1--A416-4: The electric current. 54 fr.--Ohm's
    law of electrical resistance. 57 fr.--Electrical work, energy, and
    power. 49 fr.--Direct-current measuring instruments. 51 fr.
    Consultants: Bennett E. Merry & Joseph L. Masterson; written &
    produced by Marc F. Ellis. © Society for Visual Education, Inc.;
    10Mar70; A147985.

  BASIC PROCEDURES FOR THE FOOD SERVICE EMPLOYEE. See

    CLEANING AND SANITIZING.

    COLD FOOD HANDLING.

    STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS.

  BASIC PROCEDURES FOR THE PARAMEDICAL EMPLOYEE See

    AMBULATING A PATIENT TO A CHAIR OR WHEELCHAIR

    ANSWERING THE PATIENT'S CALL SIGNAL.

    ELEMENTARY BODY MECHANICS.

    FIRST TIME AMBULATION FOR THE PATIENT.

    HANDWASHING PROCEDURES.

    HOSPITAL BEDS, VARIABLE HEIGHT.

    MAKING THE SURGICAL (POSTOPERATIVE) BED.

    MAKING THE UNOCCUPIED (CLOSED) BED.

    MOVING A PATIENT IN BED.

    STRETCHER TRANSPORT.

    USE OF SIDE RAILS.

    WHEELCHAIR TRANSPORT.

  BASIC SELF DEFENSE. See

    BEGINNING SELF DEFENSE FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN.

  BASICS OF THE FIRST PERSONAL INTERVIEW, BASICS OF THE TELEPHONE
    REFERENCE CHECK, BASICS OF THE SECOND PERSONAL INTERVIEW. Jam Handy
    Organization. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Jam Handy Organization,
    Inc.; 27Apr70; MU8174.

  BATHTUB GIN NEVER LEAVES A RING. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  BATTERY SERVICE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Automotive technology, M-12B) Planned & written by Sheldon
    Abbot. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District; 1Jan70; JP12320.

  BE-ATTITUDE, SELF ESTEEM (Filmstrip) Film A Month. 83 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Film A Month; 8Aug69; JP11927.

  BEACH/PET STORE. See

    STORY STARTERS. 6.

  BEAN GERMINATION. See

    GERMINATION OF THE BEAN.

  BEAR CLAW. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 2.

  BEAUTY IS ONLY SKIN DEEP, UNLESS YOU'RE A BANANA. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  BEETHOVEN, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2
    filmstrips (pt. 1, 42 fr.; pt. 2, 40 fr.), color, 35 mm.
    (Biographies of great composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald
    Saladana. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 1Nov67; JP12251.

  [THE BEGGAR] (Filmstrip) Language Strips. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. Story
    by Anton Chekhov; dialogue translations by Serge Shishkoff. Appl.
    author: Mary Kincaid. © Mary Kincaid d.b.a. Language Strips; 14Jan69
    (in notice: 1968); JP12203.

  BEGINNING SELF DEFENSE FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip) Kimbo
    Educational Records & Educational Activities. 2 filmstrips, b&w, 35
    mm. Contents: Pt.: 1. 41 fr.--2. 51 fr. Created by Cyril J. Cousins.
    Appl. ti.: Basic self defense. © Kimbo Educational Records, Inc. &
    Educational Activities, Inc.; 1Sep69; JP11993.

  BEHAVIOR. See

    EUGLENA.

    PARAMECIUM.

  BEHOLD THE MAN. See

    ATLANTA'S BEHOLD THE MAN.

  BEING A NEIGHBOR IS A HEALING THING. See

    THE NEIGHBOR GAME.

  BEING ON TIME. See

    GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.

  BELOVED ISLAND. Roosevelt Campobello International Park Commission.
    Made by SA Productions, 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Roosevelt
    Campobello International Park Commission; 31Dec69; LP37606.

  BENDING SHEET METAL. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20108.

  BENEATH THE PLANET OF THE APES. Apjac Productions. Released by
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. Based on characters created by Pierre Boulle. © Apjac
    Productions, Inc. & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 31Dec69;
    LP37952.

  BENEATH THIS RAGGED SHIRT LIES RAGGED UNDERWEAR. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  BENNY'S FOUR HATS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES II.

  BERRY FUNNY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible Possum)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in notice:
    1966); LP37854.

  BEST READ ADS. Set 1 (Filmstrip) Center for Media Development. 2
    filmstrips (Pt. 1, 69 fr.; pt. 2, 86 fr.), color, 35 mm. In
    association with Communications Exchange, Inc. Art & design: Reese
    Patterson. NM: compilation, editorial continuity & additions. ©
    Daniel Starch & Staff, Inc.; 1Jun70; JP12305.

  THE BEST THING TO GET OUT OF MARRIAGE IS TO GET OUT OF MARRIAGE. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  BETTY, BARBARA, AND BUBBLES B SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  BETTY'S CAREER PROBLEM. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 200.

  BETTY'S DOUBLE. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 184

  THE BIBLE AND SCIENCE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 52 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Apr70; A142970.

  BICYCLE TRIP FOR TWO. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 177.

  THE BIG FREEZE. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67; LP37834.

  BIG MO. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible Possum) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in notice: 1966);
    LP37856.

  THE BIG TEST. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 191.

  THE BIGGER DIGGER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty
    heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67;
    LP37836.

  THE BILL IS IN COMMITTEE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  BILLY BUTTERFLY. Lawrence Wolf. 15 min., b&w. © Lawrence Wolf; 9Feb70;
    LU3592.

  BILLY'S FAVORITE COLOR. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.

  BIOGRAPHIES OF GREAT COMPOSERS. See

    BEETHOVEN, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    DEBUSSY, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    FOSTER, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    HAYDN, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    MOZART, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    PUCCINI, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    R. STRAUSS, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    RAVEL, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    SCHUBERT, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    SOUSA, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    VERDI, A STORY IN PICTURES.

    WAGNER, A STORY IN PICTURES.

  BIOGRAPHY OF A GRIZZLY. See

    KING OF THE GRIZZLIES.

  BIOLOGICAL COMMUNITIES, PT.: 1. See

    LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.

  BIOLOGICAL RELATIONSHIPS. See

    LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.

  BIOLOGICAL SUCCESSION: SAND DUNES. See

    LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.

  BIRTHRIGHT: EQUALITY. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  BIRTHRIGHT: FREEDOM. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  BIRTHRIGHT: JUSTICE. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  THE BLABBERMOUTH. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  BLACK ACHIEVEMENTS IN AMERICA. See

    RICHARD HUNT, SCULPTOR.

  BLACK AND BLUE JAY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.: 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37863.

  THE BLACK ANSWER. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  BLACK BOY. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education,
    4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide and reading script,
    4 v. Contents: A682-1--A682-4: Songs of slavery. 63 fr.--Black songs
    of the Civil War. 60 fr.--Black songs after the Civil War. 60
    fr.--Black songs of modern times. 60 fr. Author: Burton M. Munk;
    illustrator: Orville Hurt; musical consultant: Win Stracke. ©
    Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 13Mar70; A147986.

  BLACK KNIGHT. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 15.

  BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA (Filmstrip) Look/Listen &
    Learn. 10 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With folder. Contents: Charles
    Drew. 59 fr.--Mary McLeod Bethune. 60 fr.--Langston Hughes. 59
    fr.--Martin Luther King, Jr. 57 fr.--Malcolm X. 61 fr.--A. Philip
    Randolph. 61 fr.--Percy Julian. 57 fr.--Edward Brooke. 59
    fr.--Lorraine Hansberry. 58 fr.--Carl Stokes. 59 fr. Produced in
    cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions, Inc. © Look/Listen &
    Learn, Inc., a subsidiary of Audio Visual International Corp.;
    3Apr70: JP12121.

  BLACK MASK OF REVENGE. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 4.

  BLACK PANTHER. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 11.

  BLACK PEOPLE. See

    AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

  BLACK POLITICAL POWER (Filmstrip) Doubleday & Co. 6 filmstrips, color
    & b&w, 35 mm. With kit. Contents: Julian Bond, the only game in
    town. 139 fr.--Yvonne Brathwaite, black and white together. 147
    fr.--Shirley Chisholm, elect one of your own. 133 fr.--John Conyers,
    Jr., who calls the tune? 143 fr.--Carl Stokes, an appetite for
    politics. 142 fr.--Using the system, a summary. 138 fr. Photography,
    Eric Maristany. Additional photography, Sandra K. Darnley, Cornelius
    J. O'Kane & Sue Marx. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 12Sep69; A127022.

  BLACK SONGS. See

    BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA.

  BLACKWELL STORY. See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  BLOOD VERDICT. See

    THE FBI.

  BLOODY MAMA. American International Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © American
    International Productions; 25Mar70; LP37775.

  BLUEPRINT FOR BETRAYAL. See

    THE FBI.

  BOB & CAROL & TED & ALICE. Frankovich Productions & Coriander
    Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 104 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Frankovich Productions, Inc. & Coriander
    Productions, Inc.; 1Dec69; LP37646.

  BOB BAKER VS. BOB SATTERFIELD. See

    [ROCKY CASTELLANI VS. GIL TURNER; BOB BAKER VS. BOB SATTERFIELD;
      CARMEN BASILIO VS. ITALO SCORTICHINI]

  THE BOBBY CURRIER STORY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE BOLD EAGLE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37873.

  BOOM. World Film Services, Moonlake Productions & Universal Pictures,
    Ltd. Released by Universal Pictures. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. From a play by Tennessee Williams. © Universal Pictures,
    Ltd.; 10Aug68; LP37968.

  BOOM AT THE TOP. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  BOOMERANG, DOC OF MANY TALENTS. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  BORDER RATS. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 26.

  BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I-IV.

  A BOX TIED WITH A RED RIBBON. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES III.

  BOXING, THAI STYLE. Robert J. Ciriello & Edmund Ciriello. 56 min.,
    color. Appl. author: Edmund Ciriello. © Robert J. Ciriello & Edmund
    Ciriello; 29Apr70; MU8168.

  BOY WITH DOG. Alpha III Productions. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Alpha III Productions; 5Sep69; MP20317.

  THE BRAILLE EXPERIMENT. Muriel M. Keehn. 15 min., sd., color.
    Videotape (1 in.) © Muriel M. Keehn; 15Apr70; MU8163.

  BRAKE HYDRAULICS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 84
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Session no. 70-9) © Chrysler Corp.; 4Jun70;
    JP12303.

  BRAKES OF LIFE. District of Columbia Dept. of Motor Vehicles. Made by
    Clayton Manufacturing Co. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. © Clayton
    Manufacturing Co.; 8Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20369.

  BRAZIL: PEOPLE OF THE FRONTIER. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 14Nov69; MP20172.

  BREAD LAND. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  BREAKOUT TO A FAST BUCK. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  BREAKTHROUGH. See

    THE FBI.

  BRIMSTONE, THE AMISH HORSE. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  BROKEN WINDOW. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States.
    1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone & Belding. ©
    Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States; 7Jul69;
    MP20257.

  THE BRONTËS. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  BROTHERLY LOVE. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 112 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Based upon James Kennaway's play, Country dance & his novel,
    Household ghosts. A Windward/Keep/Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer co-production.
    © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer Inc.; 9Apr70; LP37892.

  BRUSH YOUR TEETH, COMB YOUR HAIR. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  BRUSHING YOUR TEETH. See

    PERSONAL CLEANLINESS.

  BUD BRANCHES OUT. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 173.

  BUD LIVES IT UP. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 201.

  BUD PLAYS IT SAFE. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 176.

  BUD, THE WILLING WORKER. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 181.

  BUDGET MUSCLE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 84
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 12Mar70; JP12238.

  BUENOS AIRES, A MODERN METROPOLIS. See

    SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.

  BUGGED BY A BEE. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. Released by Vitaphone Corp.
    1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (Looney tunes) © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts,
    Inc.; 16Aug69; LP37993.

  BUILDING HOUSES. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  BUILDING MODERN JAPAN. See

    OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.

  THE BULK OF EXPERIENCE. Freon Products Division, E. I. Du Pont de
    Nemours & Co. Made by Arzt Productions. 15 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    © E. I. Du Pont de Nemours & Co., Freon Products Division; 6Feb70;
    MU8150.

  BULLETIN BOARDS (Filmstrip) Oates Learning Materials. 50 fr., color,
    35 mm. Narrator, Stephen Matela. Appl. author: Stanton C. Oates. ©
    Stanton C. Oates d.b.a. Oates Learning Materials; 13Aug69; A117879.

  THE BUNSEN BURNER. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar
    Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20410.

  BURGLARY: DR-31. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  THE BUS DRIVER AND THE CUSTODIAN. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  THE BUS STATION. See

    TRAVELING IN AND OUT OF OUR CITY.

  THE BUSY WORLD OF OUTER SPACE. See

    DISCOVERY.

  BUT TO A CAPTAIN, IS HE A CAPTAIN. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 011.

  THE BUTCHER. See

    THE FBI.

  BUTTON UP YOUR OVERCOAT, YOU FORGOT YOUR PANTS. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  BY A WHISKER. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  BY FORCE AND VIOLENCE. See

    THE FBI.


                                   C

  CBS CHILDREN'S HOUR. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    J. T. © 13Dec69; LP37912.

    Summer is forever. © 14Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP37913.

    Toby. © 16Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP37914.

  CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Cardinal Cushing of Boston. 30 min. © 11Jun68; MP20330.

    The cities, pt. 1: A city is to live in. © 24Jun68: MP20332.

    The cities, pt. 2: Dilemma in black and white. © 25Jun68; MP20333.

    The cities, pt. 3: To build the future. © 26Jun68; MP20334.

    Heart transplant at Stanford University. Telecast: Jan. 7, 1968. 30
      min. © 7Jan68; MP20368.

    Paris: The peace game. 30 min. © 17Dec68: MP20331.

  CBS PLAYHOUSE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 90 min. each
    unless otherwise indicated, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Columbia
    Broadcasting System, Inc.

    The experiment. © 20Feb69; LP37572.

    Sadbird. © 25Nov69; LP37573.

  CAESAR'S WIFE. See

    THE FBI.

  CALCUTTA ADVENTURE. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  CALL TO DANGER. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Call to danger. Pilot. © 25Jun68 (in notice: 1966); LP37663.

  THE CAMEL WHO TOOK A WALK. Weston Woods Studios. 6 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
    15Jul57; LP37907.

  CAMPANELLA. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 555) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20253.

  CAPPING A CYLINDER. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20110.

  CAPTAIN CROCODILE. See

    THE MONKEES. 23.

  THE CAPTAIN MANZINI GRAND PRIX. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  CAPTAIN NEMO AND THE UNDERWATER CITY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 107 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19Jan70
    (in notice: 1969); LP37531.

  CARBOHYDRATES. See

    DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY.

  CARBON: KEY ATOM IN LIVING ORGANISMS. See

    DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY.

  CARBURETION. FUNDAMENTALS AND FACTS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 83 fr., color, 35 mm. (Session no. 70-8) © Chrysler
    Corp.; 6May70; JP12302.

  CARD CARRYING RED SHOES. See

    THE MONKEES. 41.

  CARDINAL CUSHING OF BOSTON. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  CARE AND USE OF THE MICROSCOPE. See

    USING THE MICROSCOPE.

  CAREERS: CLERICAL. Doubleday-ICF. Made by ShoWest. 9 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday.
    © Doubleday-ICF, a division of Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 8Jan70;
    MP20496.

  CAREERS: CONSTRUCTION. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by ShoWest. 9 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday &
    Co., Inc.; 8Jan70; MP20484.

  CAREERS: GOVERNMENT SERVICES. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by ShoWest. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 8Jan70; MP20485.

  CAREERS: HEALTH SERVICES. Doubleday-ICF. Made by Sunburst Films. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, a
    division of Doubleday. © Doubleday-ICF, a division of Doubleday &
    Co., Inc.; 8Jan70; MP20498.

  CAREERS: LEISURE INDUSTRIES. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by ShoWest. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 8Jan70; MP20486.

  CAREERS: MECHANICAL. Doubleday-ICF. Made by Sunburst Films. 12 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday. © Doubleday-ICF, a division of Doubleday & Co., Inc.;
    8Jan70; MP20497.

  CAREERS: SERVICES GENERAL. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by ShoWest. 9
    min. sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 8Jan70; MP20483.

  CARL STOKES. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

    BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

  CARMEN BASILIO VS. ITALO SCORTICHINI. See

    [ROCKY CASTELLANI VS. GIL TURNER; BOB BAKER VS. BOB SATTERFIELD;
      CARMEN BASILIO VS. ITALO SCORTICHINI]

  THE CASE AGAINST RUBELLA. Smith, Kline & French Laboratories. Made by
    Aegis Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Smith, Kline &
    French a. a. d. o. Smith, Kline & French Laboratories; 15Jan70;
    MP20366.

  A CASE OF RED TURNIPS. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE CASE OF THE MISSING MONKEE. See

    THE MONKEES. 17.

  THE CATALYST. See

    THE FBI.

  CATARACT, POST OPERATIVE. Professional Research. 8 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. © Professional Research, Inc.; 10Sep69; MP20181.

  CATARACT SURGERY SERIES. See

    SURGERY OF THE SENILE CATARACT: INTRACAPSULAR EXTRACTION BY SUCTION,
      TUMBLING AND COUNTERTRACTION.

  CATSPAW. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  CAULIFLOWER FIDDLES WHILE BOLIVAR BURNS. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  CAVE/SAM/ATTIC. See

    STORY STARTERS. 5.

  THE CEDAR TREES. Martin Moyer Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Man and the forest, pt. 2) Produced in cooperation with The Forest
    Service, Pacific Northwest Region, U. S. Dept. of Agriculture. Appl.
    author: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions; 4Jun70; MP20512.

  CENTRAL STORAGE. International Business Machines Corp. 25 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20192.

  CHAIN REACTION (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Parts & Accessories Dept. 76 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Chevrolet
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12591.

  THE CHAIRMAN. Twentieth Century-Fox Productions. Released by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From
    a novel by Jay Richard Kennedy. © Twentieth Century-Fox Productions,
    Ltd.; 25Jun69; LP37416.

  CHALLENGER CHALLENGES THE FORD MUSTANG AND MERCURY COUGAR (Filmstrip)
    Dodge Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP12102.

  CHALLENGER R/T AND CHARGER R/T (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 88 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 12Mar70; JP12250.

  CHANGING FACE OF FRANCO SPAIN. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 11, issue 5.

  THE CHANGING WORLD OF CHARLES DICKENS. Allan King Associates. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, a division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 5Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP37743.

  THE CHAPERONE. See

    THE MONKEES. 9.

  CHARLEMAGNE: HOLY BARBARIAN. Learning Corp. of America. 26 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc. (in notice: Learning Corp. of America,
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.); 30Jan70 (in notice:
    1969); LP37667.

  CHARLES DICKENS. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  CHARLES DREW. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Chas. Pfizer & Co. Approx.
    30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc.

    Chop. © 17Oct69; MP20459.

    Ireland. © 5Nov69; MP20458.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Chas. Pfizer & Co. Approx.
    30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc. a. k. a.
    Chas. Pfizer, Inc.

    Giant lime. © 1Jun69; MP20042.

  CHARLIE'S NEW WORLD (Filmstrip) H. W. Richardson. 16 fr., color, 35
    mm. With Teaching kit, grades 1-2. Art by Marcelle Lake. Appl.
    author: American Baptist Board of Education & Publication. © H. W.
    Richardson; 15Jun69; A141434.

  CHAUCER'S ENGLAND. Montgomery Community College. 8 min., sd., b&w.
    Appl. author: Montgomery Community College, employer for hire of
    Lester Heller. © Montgomery Community College; 11May70; MU8192.

  CHEMICAL CHANGE: COMBINATION AND SEPARATION. Rand McNally & Co. Made
    by Fred Lasse Productions. 26 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl.
    author: Fred R. Lasse. © Fred Lasse Productions; 23Jun69; MP20003.

  THE CHESTNUT NUT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37851.

  THE CHEVROLET CAMARO AND PONTIAC FIREBIRD WITH A CHALLENGE FROM
    [CHALLENGER] (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 81 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: 1970 Challenger vs.
    Camaro & Firebird. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP11962.

  CHEVROLET SERIES 90 IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM, & 1970 SERIES 90 TRUCKS,
    FEATURES TO MATCH THE NEEDS (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division.
    Made by Jam Handy Organization. 2 filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 35
    mm. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70;
    JU12617.

  CHICANO FROM THE SOUTHWEST. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Newcomers to the city) © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Apr70; MP20528.

  A CHILD CREATES. Soundings. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. authors:
    Clair & Barbara Calhoon. © Soundings; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP20453.

  CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products)
    With Teacher's guide and reading script, 6 v. Contents:
    A218-1--A218-6: Jose, Puerto Rican boy. 72 fr.--Ernesto,
    Mexican-American boy. 73 fr.--Gail Ann, Kentucky mountain girl. 71
    fr.--Eddie, American Indian boy. 64 fr.--Fred, Black American boy.
    70 fr.--Cynthia, Japanese-American girl. 69 fr. Collaborator: Emilie
    U. Lepthien. © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 26Jan70; A140430.

  CHILDREN'S DIVISION SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board
    of the Southern Baptist Convention. 20 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday
    School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention; 12Dec69; JP12182.

  CHILDREN'S SONGS OF MEXICO (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 32 fr., color,
    35 mm. With kit. Collected & edited by Roberta McLaughlin & Lucille
    Wood. NM: compilation, addition & arrangement. © Bowmar Records,
    Inc.; 15Mar64 (in notices: 1965, 1964); A157461.

  CHILE. See

    SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.

  CHINA AND ITS AGRICULTURE. Coronet Instructional Films. 16 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20164.

  CHINA AND ITS INDUSTRY. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 2Oct69; MP20167.

  CHINA AND ITS PEOPLE. Coronet Instructional Films. 15 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
    1Oct69; MP20163.

  CHOOSING UP. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 6 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 11Nov69;
    MP20389.

  CHOP. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE CHORDATES: DIVERSITY IN STRUCTURE. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 3Nov69; MP20170.

  CHRIST: BREAKTHROUGH IN UNDERSTANDING (Filmstrip) Convention Press. 12
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the Southern
    Baptist Convention. © Convention Press; 1Dec69; JP11950.

  CHRISTIAN ENCOUNTER SERIES. See

    CONTACT.

    ENCOUNTER.

    SEARCH.

    WITNESS.

  CHRISTMAS CAME A LITTLE EARLY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE CHRISTMAS SHOW. See

    THE MONKEES. 47.

  CHURCH LIBRARY SERVICES (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board of the
    Southern Baptist Convention. 12 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday School
    Board of the Southern Baptist Convention; 17Dec69; JP12181.

  CIAO, UNCLE BILL. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  CINDERELLA. See

    FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.

  CIRCLE OF LOVE. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  CIRCULATION OF BLOOD (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.
    © Edwin Shapiro; 17Oct69; A128865.

  CIRCUS OF DEATH. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 7.

  CITIES. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  CITY IS TO LIVE IN. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  CLAP! Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 5 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20384.

  THE CLASSROOM. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  CLEANING AND SANITIZING. Comprenetics. 16 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Basic procedures for the food service employee) © Comprenetics,
    Inc.; 10Nov69; MP20310.

  CLINICAL ASPECTS OF PARASITOLOGY. See

    THE INTRUDERS, CESTODES.

  CLINICAL EXAMINATION OF THE JUGULAR VENOUS PULSE. Smith, Kline &
    French Laboratories. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Smith, Kline &
    French Laboratories; 15Dec67; MP20365.

  CLIPPER SHIP, See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  CLOTHING AND COLOR. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  CLUBBED TOBACCO-STAINED FINGERS: AN ALERTING SIGN IN LUNG CANCER?
    Smith, Kline & French Laboratories. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Smith, Kline & French Laboratories; 1Dec69; MP20364.

  THE COBER LIST. See

    THE FBI.

  COBOL COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE. Pt. 1-15 (Filmstrip) Audication.
    1394 fr., color, 16 mm. By Eugene F. Devine, A. L. Jacobson &
    Deloyce McMurray. © Audication, Inc.; 15Apr70; JP12235.

  COFFEE PRODUCTION IN LATIN AMERICA. Centron Educational Films. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 23Jan69; MP20017.

  COLD FOOD HANDLING, Comprenetics. 14 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Basic
    procedures for the food service employee) © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    10Nov69; MP20309.

  COLETTEES FROM GARDEN AND WILD FLOWERS. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip) Visual
    Aids Studio. 2 filmstrips (49 fr. each), color, 35 mm. Appl. author:
    Gene Geeslin. © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner, Gene Smith Geeslin;
    1Feb70; JP11995.

  COLETTEES FROM THE FIELDS AND FORESTS (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio.
    2 filmstrips (Pt. 1, 46 fr.; pt. 2, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. Appl.
    author: Gene Geeslin. © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner, Gene Smith
    Geeslin; 1Feb70; JP11996.

  COLETTEES FROM THE SEA (Filmstrip) Visual Aids Studio. 2 filmstrips
    (Pt. 1, 48 fr.; pt. 2, 45 fr.), color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Gene
    Geeslin. © Visual Aids Studio, sole owner, Gene S. Geeslin; 1Feb70;
    JP11994.

  COLLECTING AND MOUNTING INSECTS. See

    ABOUT INSECTS.

  COLLECTORS' EDITION. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  COLORIMETRIC ANALYSIS WITH THE SPECTRONIC 20. Pt. 2: Techniques. John
    Wiley & Sons, 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
    author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69;
    MP20470.

  COLORS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES II.

  COLUMBIA. Multi-Ways Educational Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. ti.: Columbia, Maryland. © Multi-Ways Educational Films, Inc.;
    16Sep69; MU8199.

  COME HONK YOUR HORN. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  COME TO LIFE. Saint Francis Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis Productions; 25Mar70;
    MP20375.

  COME TO YOUR SENSES. Lee Mendelson Film Productions & Prana
    Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation
    with Esalen Institute. © Prana Productions, Inc. & Lee Mendelson
    Film Productions, Inc.; 1Mar70; LP37972.

  THE COMIC. Acre Enterprises. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 94
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Acre Enterprises, Inc.; 1Nov69; LP37546.

  COMMERCIALS. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  COMMITMENT TO COMPETE. Oldsmobile Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Oldsmobile Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 19Feb70; MU8157.

  COMMUNICATING CORRECTLY. See

    ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.

  COMMUNICATING FACE-TO-FACE (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman Productions. 97
    fr., color, 35 mm. Supervised & directed by Fran Harris, art &
    design by Martin Strudler. © Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.;
    1Apr70; JP12224.

  COMMUNICATION BY VOICE AND ACTION. Centron Educational Films, 14 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 19Nov69; MP20022.

  COMMUNICATION IN RHYTHMIC BODY ACTION. Chestnut Lodge. 45 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1/2 in.) © Chestnut Lodge; 18Dec69; MP20256.

  COMMUNITY RELATIONS. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  COMMUNITY SERIES. See

    SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY.

  COMPANIONS IN NIGHTMARE. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by
    MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    22Nov68 (in notice: 1967); LP37728.

  COMPARE AND BRANCH OPERATIONS. International Business Machines Corp.
    27 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69; MP19963.

  COMPLEX TRAFFIC. Driver Education & Training Divisions, Allstate. 24
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinema-Scope. © Allstate Insurance Co.;
    10Feb70 (in notice: 1968); MP20278.

  COMPONENTS. International Business Machines Corp. 24 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20190.

  COMPRE-VUE. Comprenetics. 8 min., sd., color, 8 mm. © Comprenetics,
    Inc.; 10Jul69; MP20245.

  COMPUTER-ASSISTED INSTRUCTION EXHIBIT SOUND FILMSTRIP. See

    HARCOURT-BRACE PROGRAMS FOR COMPUTER-ASSISTED INSTRUCTION.

  COMPUTERS AT WORK. General Electric Co. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    General Electric Co.; 1May70; MP20510.

  CONFESSION. See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  CONFIRMATION: SACRAMENT OF WITNESS. Saint Francis Productions. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis
    Productions; 1Sep69; LP37881.

  CONFRONTATION. Volkswagen of America. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Volkswagen of America, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20504.

  CONFRONTATION, SEARCH, AND COPING. See

    ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.

  CONGRUENCE. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program) ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20432.

  THE CONQUERING HERO. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  EL CONQUISTADOR. See

    THE LOME RANGER. 8.

  CONRAD MARCA-RELLI, ARTIST. See

    ARTISTS AT WORK.

  CONSPIRACY OF SILENCE. See

    THE FBI.

  [THE CONSTITUTION TO WESTWARD EXPANSION] See

    OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE.

  CONTACT. Saint Francis Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Christian encounter series) A Teleketics presentation. © Saint
    Francis Productions; 1Sep69; MP20374.

  THE CONTEST. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  THE CONTINUING STORY OF THE SHAMEFUL SECRETS OF HASTINGS CORNERS.
    Screen Gems. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV
    Network. © Screen Gems, division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc.; 14Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP37665.

  CONTROL INSTRUCTIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 29 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19983.

  CONTROL OF ANTS, FLIES AND MOSQUITOES. Comprenetics. 18 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Pest control series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69;
    MP20238.

  CONTROL OF RATS AND MICE. Comprenetics. 17 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Pest control series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69; MP20237.

  CONTROL UNIT FUNCTION. See

    HARDWARE OVERVIEW; CONTROL UNIT FUNCTION.

  COPING WITH CHANGE. See

    ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.

  CORONET 300 VS. CHEVELLE MALIBU AND LE MANS SPORT (Filmstrip) Dodge
    Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 77 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 18Dec69; JP11966.

  COTTON AND WOOL FIBERS. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  COTTON COMES TO HARLEM. Formosa Productions. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon the novel by
    Chester Himes © Formosa Productions, Inc.; 27May70; LP38052.

  COUNTERFEIT KILLER. Universal City Studios. 95 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 10Aug68; LP37966.

  COUNTER-STROKE. See

    THE FBI.

  COUNTRY AND WESTERN. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  COUNTRY DANCE. See

    BROTHERLY LOVE.

  COURAGE. Arden Films. 4 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: Jerry
    Millstein & Mark Marquisee. © Arden Films; 19Nov69; MP20041.

  COURTESY (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With Users' guide, 15 p. Contents: Courtesy at school. 45
    fr.--Courtesy at home. 48 fr.--Courtesy in public. 47 fr.--Courtesy
    at play. 47 fr.--Courtesy when visiting. 47 fr.--Courtesy at the
    table. 46 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 6May69; A127879.

  THE CRAB FISHERMAN. King Screen Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 19Feb70; LP37716.

  THE CRAZIEST PEOPLE IN BOATS. Wilderness Adventures. 55 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Wilderness Adventures, Inc.; 11May70; MP20479.

  THE CRAZY WORLD OF LAUREL AND HARDY. Jay Ward Productions. 83 min.,
    sd., b&w, 35 mm. NM: compilation. © Jay Ward Productions, Inc.;
    1Jun65; LP37887.

  CREATION (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    manual. 1 v. © Broadman Films; 2Jan70; A142974.

  CRICKETY CRICKET K SOUND; OLD JEREMY AND THE JEEP J SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  CRISIS GROUND. See

    THE FBI.

  THE CRUSADES. Centron Educational Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Centron Corp., Inc.; 11Nov69; MP20021.

  THE CRUSADES: SAINTS AND SINNERS. Learning Corp. of America. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc. (in notice: Learning Corp. of America,
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.): 3Feb70 (in notice:
    1969); LP37687.

  CRY OF THE MARCH. Bill Snyder Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Robert Hartkopf & William Snyder; 29Dec69; MP19992.

  CRYSTALS. See

    GROWTH FROM A MELT.

    GROWTH IN SOLUTION.

    OPTICAL PROPERTIES.

    PHYSICAL PROPERTIES.

  CULTURAL CHANGE: A TREND TOWARD UNIFORMITY. See

    [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY]

  CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY. See

    [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY]

  THE CURIOUS COAT. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  THE CURSE OF THE ANUBIS. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  CUSTODIAN AND THE BUS DRIVER. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  CUTTING WITH AVIATION SNIPS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20091

  CUTTING WITH TIN SNIPS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films, © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20090.

  CYNTHIA, JAPANESE-AMERICAN GIRL. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

  CZECHOSLOVAKIA IN CHAINS. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 11, issue no. 1.

  CZECHOSLOVAKIA: THE LAND AND THE PEOPLE. Coronet Instructional Films.
    15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20166.


                                   D

  DASD CONCEPTS. See

    DATA FILE ORGANIZATION. HARDWARE OVERVIEW; CONTROL UNIT FUNCTION.

  DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide, 31
    p. Contents: Carbon: Key atom in living organisms. 46
    fr.--Carbohydrates. 50 fr.--Proteins: Prime molecules of life. 65
    fr.--DNA: Structure and replication. 73 fr.--DNA and protein
    synthesis. 75 fr.--DNA and RNA: Evidence for structure and.
    function. 85 fr. Author: Kathryn Tucker, illustrator: Richard C.
    Burandt. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 10Oct66;
    A140581.

  DAIRY AND BEEF CATTLE. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  DANCE, MONKEE, DANCE. See

    THE MONKEES. 14.

  DANGER: DIABOLIK. Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica & Marianne
    Productions [Italy] Released in the U.S. by Paramount Pictures Corp.
    99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Dino de Laurentiis Cinematografica, S.
    P. A.; 26Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LF26.

  [DART INDUSTRIES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Dart Industries. Approx. 60
    sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Batten, Barton, Durstine
    & Osborn, Inc. © Dart Industries, Inc.

    Tupperware bologna/clock. © 30Mar70; MP20499.

  DART VERSUS NOVA (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp, Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 86 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69;
    JP11965.

  DATA FILE ORGANIZATION. International Business Machines Corp. 60 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (DASD concepts) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 1Oct69; MP20186.

  DATA MOVEMENT. International Business Machines Corp. 2 motion
    pictures, sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming)
    Contents: Pt.: 1. 53 min.--2. 43 min. © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notices: 1968); MP20206-20207.

  DATA MOVEMENT. International Business Machines Corp. 32 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20193.

  DAUGHTER. See

    THE FBI.

  DAVID OF PANAMA. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  THE DAY AFTER CAMARO (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 4May70; JP12301.

  A DAY FOR JUSTIN. Brigham Young University. 27 min.; sd., color, 16
    mm. © Brigham Young University; 1Dec69 (In notice: 1970); MP20346.

  THE DAY GRANDPA DIED. King Screen Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 3Jun70; MP20509.

  A DAY IN THE COUNTRY. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 172.

  THE DAY OF THE DUCK. William G. Radics & Leland Stein. 9 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © William G. Radics & Leland Stein; 22Jan70; LU359O.

  A DAY WITH BLACKSTONE, CROMWELL, AND DOUGLAS. Montgomery College. 21
    min., b&w. © Montgomery College; 13Mar70; MU8160.

  A DAY WITH YOUR FAMILY. See

    LIVING WITH YOU? FAMILY.

  DAYS AND MONTHS OF THE CALENDAR. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  DEAD. See

    LE MORT.

  DEADEYE GOES TO SCHOOL. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  DEALING. Nathan Segaloff. 8 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Nathan Segaloff;
    2Apr70; MP20514.

  DEAR ANN FLANDERS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 60
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 19Nov69; JP11885.

  DEATH OF A FIXER. See

    THE FBI.

  DEBUSSY, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 42 fr.; pt. 2, 51 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records; 30Dec69; JP12255.

  DEEP REACTOR SURGERY. Atomic Power Development Associates. 18 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation with Power Reactor
    Development Co. & Detroit Edison Co. © Atomic Power Development
    Associates, Inc.; 3Apr70; MP20513.

  A DEMONSTRATION OF THE CV 2600 VTR. International Communication
    Services. 27 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) © International
    Communication Services, Inc.; 8Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20000.

  DENTAL ASSISTANT. Milner-Fenwick. 49 film loops of 4 min. each, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Appl. ti.: Dental assistant training program. ©
    Milner-Fenwick, Inc.; 10Feb70 (in notice: 1969); MP20354.

  DE SADE. Trans-Continental Filmproduction & CCC Filmkunst G. M. B. H.
    & Co. Released by American International Productions. 111 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © American International Productions,
    Trans-Continental Filmproduction, G. M. B. H. & CCC Filmkunst G. M.
    B. H. & Co., K. G.; 27Aug69; LP37715.

  DESPERATE ENCOUNTER. See

    IRONSIDE.

  DESPERATE MINUTES. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  DESTROY ALL MONSTERS. American International Pictures. 88 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. states prev. pub. 1Aug68. NM: revision &
    addition. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 28May69; LP37499.

  DEVELOPING A CHURCH MUSIC PROGRAM FOR THE 70's (Filmstrip) Sunday
    School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention. 50 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention;
    14Nov69; JP11893.

  DEVELOPING THE VOCABULARY. See

    STARTING TOMORROW.

  THE DEVIL AND PETER TORK. See

    THE MONKEES. 52.

  THE DEVIL'S TOWER. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  DIDINIUM. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 551) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20129.

  DIFFERENT IDEAS ABOUT CATTLE. See

    [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY]

  DIGESTION (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Edwin
    Shapiro; 17Oct69; A128866.

  DILEMMA IN BLACK AND WHITE. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  A DILLER, A DOLLAR. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  DIMENSION. David Nulsen Enterprises. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: David Nulsen. © David Nulsen Enterprises; 24Dec69; MP19989.

  DIRECT ACCESS STORAGE. Computer Methods Corp. 1 reel, sd., color, 16
    mm. (Tutorial film series) © Computer Methods Corp.; 23Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20282.

  DIRECT-CURRENT MEASURING INSTRUMENTS. See

    BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

  DIRECTIONS. American Broadcasting Companies. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. Approx. 22 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © American
    Broadcasting Companies, Inc. Aunt Clara. © 28Feb69; MP20144.

  DISCOVERY. American Broadcasting Companies. Approx. 22 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.

    The busy world of outer space. © 1Apr69; MP20141.

    Discovery goes to Israel. © 1Apr69; MP20143.

    Jets, orchids and kangaroos. © 1Apr69; MP20140.

    Puerto Rico: The Caribbean Americans. Appl. ti.: Puerto Rico:
      Americans of the Caribbean. © 1Apr69; MP20139.

    The stone age Americans. © 1Apr69; MP20142.

  A DISCUSSION OF ERNEST HEMINGWAY'S MY OLD MAN. Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, color, 16 mm.
    (Short story showcase) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    28Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20234.

  A DISCUSSION OF HERMAN MELVILLE'S BARTLEBY. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 10Oct69: MP20050.

  A DISCUSSION OF NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE'S DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Short story showcase) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 26Nov69; MP20049.

  A DISCUSSION OF SHIRLEY JACKSON'S THE LOTTERY. Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short
    story showcase) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    17Oct69; MP20047.

  DISTILLATION. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar Technical
    Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20401.

  DISTINGUISHED CONTRIBUTORS TO COUNSELING SERIES. See

    E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR., GUIDANCE AND THE ROLE OF THE COUNSELOR.

    RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY: A DEMONSTRATION.

    RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

  A DISTRIBUTIVE PRINCIPLE. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school
    mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20428.

  A DIVERS DISSERTATION ON DIVING; or, Adventures of the aquafanatics.
    90 Greene Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Louis Burwick. © 90 Greene Productions; 15Dec69; MP20004.

  DIVERSITY OF INSECTS. See

    ABOUT INSECTS.

  DIVIDING DECIMALS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 24.

  DIVIDING MIXED NUMBERS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 20.

  DIVISION. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program) ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20427.

  DIVISION.

    For other titles beginning with Division See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES.

  DIVORCE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College, 64 fr., color, 55 mm.
    (Marriage and family) Planned & written by Beverlie Burgard. © Mt.
    San Jacinto College a. a. d. o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
    District; 1Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12327.

  DO YOU KNOW WHAT. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I.

  DO YOU SUPPOSE MISS RILEY KNOWS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES II.

  DOAKES' DILEMMA. Oldsmobile Division. Made by Jam Handy Organization.
    4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors
    Corp.; 19Feb70; MU8156.

  DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short story showcase) From the story by
    Nathaniel Hawthorne. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    12Oct69; MP20048.

  DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT. See

    A DISCUSSION OF NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE'S DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.

  DODGE D100 PICKUP VS. FORD F100 PICKUP & CHEVROLET C10 PICKUP
    (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 75 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 5Feb70; JP12240.

  DODGE POLARA VS. CHEVROLET IMPALA & PONTIAC CATALINA (Filmstrip) Dodge
    Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
    Corp.; 20Nov69; JP11892.

  DODGE POLARA VS. FORD GALAXIE 500 (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc, 88 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 20Nov69;
    JP11956.

  THE DOC NAMED CANDY. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  DOING THINGS FOR YOURSELF. See

    GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.

  DOMINANCE. See

    INTRODUCING GENETICS.

  DON'T BURRO TROUBLE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37861.

  DON'T LOOK A WOODEN GIFT HORSE IN THE MOUTH. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  DON'T MAKE BIG WAVES. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 006.

  DON'T TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 31Oct69; JP11891.

  DOOR IN WOODS/BALLOON. See

    STORY STARTERS. 8.

  DOORS. Montgomery Community College. 11 min., sd., b&w, Super 8 mm.
    Appl. author: Montgomery Community College, employer for hire of
    Dorothy Streett. © Montgomery Community College; 11May70; MU8191.

  DOORWAY TO THE PAST. Colonial Williamsburg. 29 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Colonial Williamsburg, Inc.; 16Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP20395.

  DOUBLE BARREL SHOTGUN WEDDING. See

    THE MONKEES. 39.

  DOUBLE DANGER. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  DOUGLAS, WYOMING, RANCH COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  DOWNSTREAM. Petroleum Information Foundation. Great Britain. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with Pelican Films.
    Produced by Film Centre (International) © Petroleum Information
    Foundation, Inc.; 7Oct69; MP20311.

  DRAGNET. Mark VII. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Universal
    presentation. © Dragnet Productions; 27Jan69; LP37724.

  DRAGNET 1969. Mark VII. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television &
    with the NBC-TV Network. © Dragnet Productions.

    Ad vice: DR-29. © 6Feb69; LP38012.

    B.O.D.: DR-27. © 23Jan69; LP38010.

    Burglary: DR-31. © 6Mar69; LP38015.

    Community relations: DR-10. © 3Oct66; LP38000.

    Community relations: DR-17. © 2Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37996.

    Forgery: DR-33. © 20Mar69; LP38017.

    Frauds: DR-28. © 20Feb69; LP38013.

    Frauds: DR-36. © 10Apr69; LP38020.

    Homicide: DR-06. © 24Oct68; LP38003.

    Homicide: DR-22. © 9Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37997.

    Intelligence: DR-34. © 17Apr69; LP38021.

    Internal affairs: DR-20. © 12Dec68; LP38009.

    Juvenile: DR-05. © 26Sep68; LP37999.

    Juvenile: DR-19. © 27Feb69; LP38014.

    Juvenile: DR-32. © 27Mar69; LP38018.

    Juvenile: DR-35. © 3Apr69; LP38019.

    Management services: DR-11. © 10Oct68; LP38001.

    Narcotics: DR-16. © 5Dec68; LP38008.

    Narcotics: DR-21. © 30Jan69; LP38011.

    Police commission: DR-13. © 17Oct68; LP38002.

    Public affairs: DR-07. © 19Sep68; LP37998.

    Public affairs: DR-12. © 14Nov68; LP38005.

    Public affairs: DR-14. © 28Nov68; LP38007.

    Robbery: DR-15. © 7Nov68; LP38004.

    Training: DR-18. © 21Nov68; LP38006.

    Vice: DR-30. © 13Mar69; LP38016.

  DRAGONS OF ASHIDA. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  THE DREADFUL DOLL. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  DREAMER. Alpha III Productions. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alpha
    III Productions; 5Sep69; MP20315.

  DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY. See

    RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY: A DEMONSTRATION.

    RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

  THE DRIFTER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 30Sep66; LP37826.

  [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT] (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division. 9
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: You as a driver. 36 fr.--The
    engine that powers the car. 45 fr.--The power train. 44 fr.--Natural
    laws that govern your driving. 40 fr.--Using the rules of the road.
    36 fr.--Situations in city driving. 31 fr.--Situations on
    controlled-access highways. 33 fr.--Situations on rural roads and
    highways. 32 fr.--Your responsibility as a driver. 31 fr. Produced
    in cooperation with the National Safety Council. Appl. author: Jam
    Handy Organization. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors
    Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12618.

  DROP OUT. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States. 1
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone & Belding. ©
    Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States; 4Aug69;
    MP20258.

  DRUG ABUSE: EVERYBODY'S HANG-UP. Smith, Kline & French Laboratories.
    12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Smith, Kline & French Laboratories;
    15Dec69; MP20367.

  A DRUG ON THE MARKET. See

    IRONSIDE.

  DRUGGIST-30. See

    [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  DRUMMER HOFF. Weston Woods Studios. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From
    the book by Ed & Barbara Emberley. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. ©
    Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Nov69; LP37640.

  DUFFY AGAINST THE COMPUTER. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 003.

  DUFFY'S CRUISE. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 001.

  DUNE BUG. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp. 7
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 29Oct69; LP37965.

  THE DUSTER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67; LP37833.

  DUSTER, THERE'S MORE TO A CAR, HORNET (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made
    by Ross Roy, Inc. 60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 20Feb70;
    JP12242.

  DWIGHT DAVID EISENHOWER, 1890-1969, 34TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
    STATES (Filmstrip) A244-2. Society for Visual Education. 58 fr.,
    b&w, 35 mm. With teacher's guide & reading script, 1 v. Script by
    William F. Keefe. Photography by United Press International & World
    Wide Photos. © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 19May69; A119514.

  DYNABLAST HIGH PRODUCTION PLASTIC DEFLASHING EQUIPMENT. Wells
    Electronics. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wells Electronics, Inc.;
    19Mar69; MP20363.

  THE DYNASTY. See

    THE FBI.


                                   E

  E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR., GUIDANCE AND THE ROLE OF THE COUNSELOR.
    Distinguished Contributors Films. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Distinguished Contributors to counseling series) Appl. ti.: Shoben,
    guidance and the role of the counselor. © Distinguished Contributors
    Films, Inc.; 1Nov69; MP20081.

  EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD (Filmstrip) Look/Listen &
    Learn. Distributed by International Book Corp. 10 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With folder. Contents: Life in the Indus Valley, 2500 B. C.
    61 fr.--Asoka, leader of ancient India. 64 fr.--Life in the Yellow
    River Valley, 1000 B. C. 57 fr.--Shih Huang Ti, builder of China. 60
    fr.--Life in Kyoto, 900 A. D. 63 fr.--Yoritomo, first Shogun of
    Japan. 55 fr.--Life in Ghana, 1000 A. D. 65 fr.--Mansa Musa, ruler
    of Mali. 59 fr.--Life in the Mayan empire, 300 A. D. 57 fr.--Life in
    the Inca empire, 1400 A. D. 58 fr. Produced in cooperation with
    Hanna-Barbera Productions. © Look/Listen & Learn, a subsidiary of
    Audio Visual International Corp.; 10Feb70; JP12033.

  [EARLY COLONIES TO THE NEW NATION] See

    OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE.

  EARTH. See

    BASIC ASTRONOMY.

  EARTH: ACTION OF RIVERS. See

    ACTION OF RIVERS.

  THE EARTH: COASTLINES. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
    5Jan70; MP20161.

  THE EARTH: ITS MAGNETIC FIELD. Coronet Instructional Films, 14 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 12Nov69; MP20171.

  EARTH SCIENCE SERIES. See

    EXPLORATION OF THE MOON.

    METHODS AND INSTRUMENTS OF OCEANOGRAPHY.

    SEA WATER AND THE SEA FLOOR.

    UNDERSTANDING TOPOGRAPHIC MAPS.

    WORK OF THE WIND AND RUNNING WATER.

  THE EARTH: VOLCANOES. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire, Inc.;
    5Jan70; MP20162.

  EARTH WORM (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 64 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. By Gustav J. Garay. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 3May68; A140568.

  ECOLOGY. See

    EUGLENA.

    PARAMECIUM.

  EDDIE, AMERICAN INDIAN BOY. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

  EDITING, PT. 1 AND 2, UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, Pt. 1. International
    Business Machines Corp. 55 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.)
    (1410/7010 programming) © International Business Machines Corp.;
    9Jun69; MP19958.

  EDWARD BROOKE. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATIONS FOR SUPERVISORS. Broadcast Educators. Made by
    Opti-Media Educational Materials. 8 motion pictures (12 min. each),
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Communication Research
    & Development Corp. Appl. author: Eugene Walton. © Opti-Media
    Educational Materials, Inc.; 27May69; MP20027.

  EFFECTIVE INTERRACIAL COMMUNICATIONS FOR SUPERVISORS. Broadcast
    Educators. Made by Opti-Media Educational Materials. 8 motion
    pictures (12 min. each), sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation
    with Communication Research & Development Corp. Appl. author: Eugene
    Walton. © Opti-Media Educational Materials, Inc.; 27May69; MP20026.

  EFFECTIVE INTERVIEWING. Volkswagen of America. 5 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Volkswagen of America, Inc.; 1Dec69; MP20044.

  EFFECTIVE PERSUASION. See

    ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.

  8 MM. DOCUMENTS PROJECT. See

    EXPLORER I: FIRST SUCCESSFUL U. S. SATELLITE.

    GEMINI IV: SPACE WALK.

    MERCURY 7: FLIGHT OF ALAN SHEPARD.

    MERCURY 13: FLIGHT OF JOHN GLENN.

    VANGUARD TV-3: SATELLITE LAUNCHING FAILURE.

  EIGHTEENTH-CENTURY ENGLAND. See

    WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES.

  EILEEN. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE ELECTRIC CURRENT. See

    BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

  ELECTRICAL WORK, ENERGY, AND POWER. See

    BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

  ELECTRICITY. See

    OUR COMMUNITY UTILITIES.

  ELECTROLYTES. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar Technical
    Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20406.

  ELEMENTARY BODY MECHANICS. Comprenetics. 16 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics,
    Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20328.

  ELENA OF MEXICO CITY. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  ELIZABETHANS. See

    WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES.

  EMBRYOLOGY: 10MM PIG (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment.
    79 fr., color, 35 mm. By Gustav J. Garay. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 3May68; A140570.

  THE EMPEROR'S NEW CLOTHES. See

    THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES.

  ENCOUNTER. Saint Francis Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Christian encounter series) A Teleketics presentation. © Saint
    Francis Productions; 1Sep69; MP20371.

  ENEMIES. See

    THE FBI.

  ENERGY CYCLES. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
    18Jul69; MP20468.

  ENGINE COMPONENTS. See

    AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN.

  THE ENGINE LATHE. Society for Visual Education. 20 reels (4 min.
    each), si., Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: Burton M. Munk &
    Robert W. Kynast. © Society for Visual Education, Inc.; 15Oct69;
    MP20344.

  THE ENGINE THAT POWERS THE CAR. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  ENGINEERED FOR ESCAPE (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile Division. 47 fr., color,
    35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Oldsmobile Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12596.

  ENGINEERED FOR EXCITEMENT (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12604.

  THE ENLARGER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 7Oct66; LP37827.

  ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS (Filmstrip) Student National Education Assn. 5
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With manual, 18 1. Contents: Pt. 1-5: The
    environmental problem. 76 fr.--Interrelationships of pollution,
    sewerage, fertilizer. 86 fr.--Interrelationships of pollution,
    insecticides, automobiles. 93 fr.--Animal wastes and ecology. 63
    fr.--Population. 92 fr. Presented with the cooperation of the
    Association of Classroom Teachers. © Alan Freeman; 18Apr70; A148866.

  ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS (Filmstrip) Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Study guide, 16 p. Contents: Nature of the crisis. 64
    fr.--Atmospheric pollution. 69 fr.--Land pollution. 74
    fr.--Freshwater pollution. 74 fr.--Marine pollution. 72
    fr.--Pollution control. 61 fr. By Daniel F. Jackson & Bettina B.
    Jackson © Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 7Oct69;
    A140584.

  THE ENVIRONMENTAL PROBLEM. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

  EPICAC. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  EQUAL JOB OPPORTUNITY. Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United
    States. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Foote, Cone &
    Belding. © Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States;
    4Aug69; MP20259.

  EQUALITY: FAIR HOUSING. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  EQUALITY: ONE MAN, ONE VOTE. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  EQUINOX. Tonylyn Productions. 82 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a
    story by Mark Thomas McGee. Appl. author: Jack Woods. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 17Dec67, LP35244. NM: revisions. © Tonylyn Productions,
    Inc.; 11Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP37886.

  ERNESTO, MEXICAN-AMERICAN BOY. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

  ESCAPE MACHINES EXTRAORDINAIRE, THE 1970 OLDSMOBILE LUXURY-STATUS AND
    PERFORMANCE CARS (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile Division. 58 fr., color, 35
    mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Oldsmobile Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12599.

  ESCAPE TO LUXURY (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile Division. 44 fr., color, 35
    mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Oldsmobile Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12597.

  ESCAPE TO MINDANAO. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by
    MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    6Dec68; LP37719.

  EUCHARIST: SACRAMENT OF LIFE. Saint Francis Productions. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis
    Productions; 1Sep69; MP20370.

  EUGLENA. Pt. 1: Ecology. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (The Protozoans, no. 542) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20122.

  EUGLENA. Pt. 2: Behavior. Thorne Films. 1 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. (The Protozoans, no. 543) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20123.

  EUPLOTES. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 553) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20131.

  EVENING. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES III.

  EVENT. See

    [HF/TV EXCLUSIVES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Series 1.

  EVERYDAY LIFE OF THE ANCIENT EGYPTIANS. See

    LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.

  THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS. Series 1 (Filmstrip) Resources for
    Education & Management. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Leader's
    guide, 1 v. Contents: 1-6: How to get work done. 54 fr.--How to
    build loyalty. 60 fr.--How to disagree agreeably. 53 fr.--How to
    appraise your people. 59 fr.--How to motivate your people. 60
    fr.--How to write effective reports. 61 fr. Appl. author: Martin M.
    Broadwell. © Resources for Education & Management, Inc.; 15Oct69;
    A128720.

  EVERYWHERE A SHEIK, SHEIK. See

    THE MONKEES. 35.

  EVIDENCES OF CHEMICAL REACTIONS. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20399.

  THE EVIL OF FRANKENSTEIN. Hammer Film Productions. Released by
    Universal Pictures Co. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
    Pictures Co., Inc.; 13Jun64; LP37901.

  THE EVOLUTION OF MAN (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide,
    40 p. Contents: Physical anthropology. 40 fr.--Evolution of
    primates, 46 fr.--Ramapithecus and Australopithecus, South
    Africa. 37 fr.--Australopithecus, East Africa, and summary of
    Australopithecines. 44 fr.--Homo erectus. 60 fr.--Homo sapiens.
    54 fr. By Harold Nelson. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 8Oct68; A140576.

  THE EXECUTIONER. Ameran Films. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 107
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From a story by Gordon
    McDowell. © Ameran Films, Ltd.; 1Jun70; LP37953.

  EXODUS 21-22. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE EXPERIMENT. See

    CBS PLAYHOUSE.

  THE EXPERTS. Video Films. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Video Films,
    Inc.; 20Jan70; MU8146.

  EXPLORATION OF THE MOON. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Audio Productions,
    a division of NOVO. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science
    series) Appl. states copyright not claimed on official U.S. Govt.
    footage. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 30Jan70; MP20353.

  EXPLORER I: FIRST SUCCESSFUL U.S. SATELLITE. Thorne Films. 4 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 302) NM:
    compilation & revision. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20224.

  EXPLORING THE SACRED MAYAN WELL (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2
    filmstrips (Pt. 1, 40 fr.; pt. 2, 43 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Exploring
    ancient civilizations, group 2, 450-1--450-2) Photography by Charles
    H. Irwin & Mike Freeman. © on compilation; Imperial Film Co., Inc.;
    1Apr70; JP12124-12125.

  EXPLORING THE WORLD OF NATURE. Group 2 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: A423-7--A423-12:
    Let's explore the city, pt. 1. 47 fr.--Let's explore the city, pt.
    2. 47 fr.--Let's explore the dunes. 51 fr.--Let's explore the
    desert. 52 fr.--Let's explore the shore. 51 fr.--Let's explore a
    salt marsh. 50 fr. Text & photography by Stephen Collins. © Society
    for Visual Education, Inc.; 6Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12120.

  EXPLOSION IN EDUCATION (Filmstrip) Stride. 104 fr., color, 8 mm. ©
    Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12289.

  EXPONENTS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.;
    31Dec69; MP20444.

  EYE IN THE SKY. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  EYE OF THE STORM. See

    THE FBI.


                                   F

  THE FBI. QM Productions. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in association with Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc. © QM
    Productions & Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.

    Act of violence. © 21Jan68; LP37463.

    The attorney. © 16Feb69; LP37444.

    Blood verdict. © 8Oct67; LP37452.

    Blueprint for betrayal. © 3Dec67; LP37459.

    Breakthrough. © 17Nov68; LP37482.

    The butcher. © 8Dec68; LP37485.

    By force and violence, pt. 1. © 22Oct67; LP37454.

    By force and violence, pt. 2. © 29Oct67; LP37455.

    Caesar's wife. © 26Jan69; LP37441.

    The catalyst. © 23Feb69; LP37445.

    The Cober list. © 23Mar69; LP37448.

    Conspiracy of silence. © 2Mar69; LP37446.

    Counter-stroke. © 1Oct67; LP37451.

    Crisis ground. © 28Jan68; LP37464.

    The daughter. © 14Jan68; LP37462.

    Death of a fixer. © 20Oct68; LP37479.

    The dynasty. © 7Jan68 (in notice: 1967); LP37436.

    The enemies. © 3Nov68; LP37480.

    Eye of the storm. © 5Jan69; LP37438.

    False witness. © 10Dec67; LP37460.

    The flaw. © 15Dec68; LP37486.

    The fraud. © 12Jan69; LP37439.

    The gold card. © 17Sep67; LP37450.

    The harvest. © 24Nov68; LP37483.

    The hero. © 22Dec68; LP37487.

    The homecoming. © 11Feb68; LP37466.

    The intermediary. © 1Dec68; LP37484.

    The legend of John Rim. © 31Dec67; LP37461.

    A life in the balance. © 19Jan69; LP37440.

    Line of fire. © 26Nov67; LP37458.

    The maze. © 9Feb69; LP37443.

    The mechanized accomplice. © 31Mar68; LP37472.

    The mercenary. © 28Apr68; LP37474.

    The messenger. © 17Mar68; LP37470.

    Moment of truth. © 30Mar69; LP37449.

    The nightmare. © 10Nov68; LP37481.

    The ninth man. © 24Mar68; LP37471.

    Out of control. © 29Sep68; LP37476.

    Overload. © 12Nov67; LP37457.

    The patriot. © 2Feb69; LP37442.

    The phone call. © 18Feb68; LP37467.

    The predators. © 7Apr68 (in notice: 1967); LP37437.

    The quarry. © 6Oct68; LP37477.

    Region of peril. © 25Feb68; LP37468.

    Ring of steel. © 4Feb68; LP37465.

    The runaways. © 13Oct68; LP37478.

    A sleeper wakes. © 5Nov67; LP37456.

    Southwind. © 3Mar68; LP37469.

    The traitor. © 15Oct67; LP37453.

    The tunnel. © 21Apr68; LP37473.

    Wind it up and it betrays you. © 22Sep68; LP37475.

    The window. © 29Dec68; LP37488.

    The young warriors. © 9Mar69; LP37447.

  THE FACELESS MENACE. Alderman Studios. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Alderman Studios, Inc.; 28Aug69; MP20007.

  FACES. See

    KID'S STUFF. No. 102.

  FACTORING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 38 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Math) Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District; 1Jan70;
    JP12323.

  FAIRY TALE. See

    THE MONKEES. 48.

  FALLEN ANGEL. See

    JIGSAW.

  FALSE WITNESS. See

    THE FBI.

  THE FAMILY. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  FAMILY AFFAIR. Don Fedderson Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Family Affair Co.

    Albertine. © 2Dec68; LP37396.

    By a whisker. © 30Sep68; LP37389.

    Christmas came a little early. © 11Nov68; LP37394.

    Ciao, Uncle Bill. © 16Dec68; LP37398.

    A diller, a dollar. © 3Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37409.

    A family group. © 13Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37402.

    Family plan. © 30Dec68; LP37400.

    The flip side. © 24Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37412.

    Flower power. © 7Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP37414.

    Holiday in Spain, pt. 1. © 10Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37406.

    Holiday in Spain, pt. 2. © 17Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37407.

    Holiday in Spain, pt. 3. © 24Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37408.

    The Latch Key Kid. © 23Sep68; LP37388.

    A lesson for grownups. © 20Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37403.

    A matter of choice. © 9Dec68; LP37397.

    The matter of dignity. © 31Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37413.

    The matter of privacy. © 3Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37405.

    My man, the star. © 14Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP37377.

    A nanny for all seasons. © 23Dec68; LP37399.

    Oh, to be in England. © 27Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37404.

    Oliver. © 4Nov68; LP37393.

    Speak for yourself, Mr. French. © 17Mar69 (in notice: 1968);
      LP37411.

    The substitute teacher. © 21Oct68; LP37392.

    To love with Buffy. © 6Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37401.

    The unsound of music. © 18Nov68; LP37395.

    A waltz from Vienna. © 7Oct68; LP37390.

    The young man from Bolivia. © 10Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37410.

    Your friend, Jody. © 14Oct68; LP37391.

  FAMILY CONTEST. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 197.

  FAMILY FUN. See

    LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.

  A FAMILY GROUP. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE FAMILY HAS A NEW BABY. See

    LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.

  THE FAMILY IN THE PURPLE HOUSE. King Screen Productions. 13 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 19Feb70; LP37742.

  FAMILY PLAN. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Aladdin's lamp. 38 fr.--Tom
    Thumb. 36 fr.--Ali Baba and the forty thieves. 46 fr.--The three
    wishes. 30 fr.--Robin Hood. 35 fr.--Cinderella. 37 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 24Sep69; JP12211.

  FARM REPORTS. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  FARMING AND FISHING. See

    SEEING THE ANDES COUNTRIES.

  FARMING AND RANCHING. See

    SEEING ARGENTINA, PARAGUAY AND URUGUAY.

  FAST, YOUNG, AND FULL OF FUN (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made
    by Jam Handy Organization. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12603.

  FASTENING WITH BLIND RIVETS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20098.

  FASTENING WITH SHEET METAL SCREWS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20113.

  A FATHER. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  FATHER IS BIG. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I.

  FATHER KNOWS BEST. FKB Enterprises. Released by Screen Gems. Approx.
    30 min. each, sd., b&w unless otherwise indicated, 16 mm. © FKB
    Enterprises.

    173. Bud branches out. Color. © 12Oct59 (in notice: 1960); LP37580.

    174. Gardener's big day. Color. © 19Oct59 (in notice: 1960);
      LP37581.

    176. Bud plays it safe. © 2Nov59 (in notice: 1960); LP37582.

    177. Bicycle trip for two. Color. © 9Nov59 (in notice: 1960);
      LP37583.

    178. First disillusionment. Color. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Apr58,
      LP10670. NM: additions. © 16Nov59 (in notice: 1960); LP37584.

    179. Margaret's old flame. Color. © 23Nov59 (in notice: 1960);
      LP37585.

    180. Kathy becomes a girl. Color. © 30Nov59 (in notice: 1960);
      LP37586.

    181. Bud, the willing worker. Color. © 7Dec59 (in notice: 1960);
      LP37587.

    182. Turn the other cheek. Color. © 14Dec59 (in notice: 1960);
      LP37588.

    183. Good joke on mom. Color. © 28Dec59 (in notice: 1960); LP37589.

    184. Betty's double. © 4Jan60; LP37592.

    185. Father, the naturalist. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Apr58,
      LP10658. NM: additions. © 11Jan60; LP37593.

    187. Togetherness. © 25Jan60; LP37594.

    188. Second best. © 1Feb60; LP37595.

    191. The big test. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Apr58, LP10676. NM:
      additions. © 22Feb60; LP37596.

    192. Jim's big surprise. © 29Feb60; LP37597.

    193. Time to retire. © 7Mar60; LP37598.

    196. Adopted daughter. Appl. states prev. reg. 29Apr58, LP10656. NM:
      additions. © 28Mar60; LP37599.

    197. Family contest. © 4Apr60; LP37600.

    200. Betty's career problem. © 25Apr60; LP37601.

    201. Bud lives it up. © 9May60; LP37602.

  FATHER KNOWS BEST. Screen Gems. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., b&w unless
    otherwise indicated, 16 mm. Based on characters created by Ed James.
    © Screen Gems, Inc.

    172. A day in the country. © 5Oct59; LP37590.

    175. The imposter. © 26Oct59; LP37591.

  FATHER, THE NATURALIST. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 185.

  FATHERS DAY. See

    [JET X TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  FAVORITE SONGS OF JAPANESE CHILDREN (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 34
    fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Collected & edited by Hanako Fukuda.
    NM: compilation, translation & addition. © Bowmar Records, Inc.;
    15Dec64; A157464.

  THE FEAR OF HIGH PLACES. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  FEARLESS FRANK. Jericho Productions. 78 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Jericho Productions, Inc.; 10Dec69 (in notice: 1966); LP37604.

  FELLINI SATYRICON. Produzioni Europee Associate. Italy. 128 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.;
    3Sep69 (in notice: 1968); LF59.

  FIELD TRIPS. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  FILE ORGANIZATION METHODS. Computer Methods Corp. 1 reel, sd., color,
    16 mm. (Tutorial film series) © Computer Methods Corp.; 23Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20281.

  FILIFORM CORROSION. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons,
    Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20465.

  FILMS ON MATHEMATICS FOR THE ELEMENTARY SCHOOL, FIRST LEVEL SERIES.
    See

    ADDITION FACTS OF 1-5.

    ADDITION FACTS OF 6, 7, 8, & 9.

    MORE ABOUT TEN.

    NUMBERS 11-19.

    SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 1-5.

    SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 6 & 7.

    SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 8 & 9.

    WHAT IS 1-5.

    WHAT IS 6, 7, 8, & 9.

    WHAT IS 10.

  FILMSTRIP ON CURRENT AFFAIRS. See

    THE ALIENATED AMERICAN.

    THE AMERICANIZATION OF EUROPE.

    THE RIGHT TO STRIKE.

    SQUANDERED RESOURCES.

  [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
    ENROLLEES] Broadcasting Academy. 16 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    Contents: No.: [1] 24 fr.--9. Voice production. 21 fr.--10.
    Commercials. 16 fr.--12. Programming. 23 fr.--13. Announcers tools.
    86 fr.--18. Public service. 26 fr.--19. Weather. 29 fr.--20. Voice
    and diction. 29 fr.--21. Rock and roll. 27 fr.--23. Country and
    western. 25 fr.--24. Sports. 18 fr.--26. Women in broadcasting. 29
    fr.--27. Production. 26 fr.--28. How radio and television work. 30
    fr.--29. Farm reports, 30 fr.--32. Humor in broadcasting. 27 fr.
    Appl. author: Donald G. Bennett. © Broadcast Academy; 10Mar70;
    A137904.

  FILTERING. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar Technical
    Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20400.

  FIND THE MONKEES. See

    THE MONKEES. 19.

  FINDIN' THE PHANTOM. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37874.

  FINDING AND INTERPRETING TERMS. See

    READING.

  FIRE DRILLS. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  THE FIRE ENGINE. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  FIREBIRD 1970 (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12608.

  FIREBOMBS. MSM Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    R. M. Momboisse. © MSM Enterprises; 1Dec69; LP37970.

  FIRST DISILLUSIONMENT. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 178.

  FIRST TEN MONTHS. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  FIRST TIME AMBULATION FOR THE PATIENT. Comprenetics. 20 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20320.

  FIRST TUESDAY. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 90 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

    First Tuesday in August. © 4Aug69; MP20301.

    First Tuesday in September. © 1Sep69; MP20302.

    First Tuesday in November. 119 min. © 3Nov69; MP20303.

    First Tuesday in December. 119 min. © 1Dec69; MP20304.

    First Tuesday in January. 119 min. © 5Jan70; MP20305.

    First Tuesday in February. 119 min. © 2Feb70; MP20306.

  THE FIVE MAN ARMY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP37774.

  FIVE RED FLOWERS FOR SUZIE. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  FIXED POINT OPERATIONS - ADDITION/SUBTRACTION. International Business
    Machines Corp. 35 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94
    programming) © International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69;
    MP19970.

  FIXED POINT OPERATIONS - MULTIPLICATION/DIVISION. International
    Business Machines Corp. 32 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.)
    (7090/94 programming) © International Business Machines Corp.;
    10Jul69; MP19971.

  FIXED POINT OPERATIONS - SHIFTING. International Business Machines
    Corp. 35 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19969.

  FLAGSTAFF, ARIZONA, SERVICE COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  THE FLAT BLADE SCREW DRIVER. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20097.

  FLAT PICTURES (Filmstrip) Oates Learning Materials. 50 fr., color, 35
    mm. Artist, Marlea VanDame; narrator, Harriet J. Cherberg. Appl.
    author: Stanton C. Oates. © Stanton C. Oates d. b. a. Oates Learning
    Materials; 13Aug69; A117880.

  FLAW. See

    THE FBI.

  A FLEA IN HER EAR. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 95 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on John Mortimer's English stage
    adaptation of Georges Feydeau's original play La puce a l'oreille. ©
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 23Oct68; LP36282.

  FLESH. Score Movies. 105 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Score Movies,
    Ltd.; 26Sep68; LP37571.

  FLIGHT OF THE HAWK. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 23.

  THE FLIP SIDE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

    THE OUTSIDER.

  FLOATING POINT CONCEPTS. International Business Machines Corp. 32
    min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19967.

  FLOATING POINT OPERATIONS, SINGLE PRECISION AND FLOATING POINT
    OPERATIONS, DOUBLE PRECISION. International Business Machines Corp.
    1 reel, sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19968.

  FLOSSING AND BRUSHING. Teaching Films. Made by A-V Corp. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Prevention and control of dental disease) © Teaching
    Films, Inc.; 27Apr70; MU8171.

  FLOWER FORMS. See

    SMALL WOOD ASSEMBLAGE.

  FLOWER POWER. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  FLOWERS OPENING. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1 reel, si.,
    color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 8Apr65 (in notice: 1964); MP20292.

  FLYING CHARIOT. See

    LUNO.

  FLYING FEET. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp.
    7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 10Apr70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP37963.

  THE FLYING TRUNK. See

    THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES.

  FOCUS ON BERLIN. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 11, issue 8.

  FOLK SONGS OF AFRICA (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 49 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With kit. Edited by Roberta McLaughlin. NM: compilation & addition.
    © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Jun65; A157463.

  FOLK SONGS OF CALIFORNIA AND THE OLD WEST (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records.
    41 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Appl. author: Roberta McLaughlin.
    NM: compilation & addition. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 9Nov66; A157462.

  FOLK SONGS OF CANADA (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 30 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With kit. Appl. author: Bryce Bowmar. NM: compilation, translation &
    addition. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Jun65 (in notices: 1966, 1965,
    1964); A157460.

  FOLK SONGS OF ISRAEL (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1,
    49 fr.; pt. 2, 53 fr.), color, 35 mm. Edited by Roberta McLaughlin.
    © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 11Aug69; JP12262.

  FOLK SONGS OF LATIN AMERICA. See

    LATIN AMERICAN FOLK SONGS.

  FOLK SONGS OF MANY PEOPLE (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 45 fr., color,
    35 mm. With kit. Appl. author: Lucille Wood. NM: compilation &
    addition. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Apr66; A157465.

  FOLK SONGS OF THE ARAB WORLD (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 52 fr.; pt. 2, 43 fr.), color, 35 mm. Compiled & edited by
    Sally Monsour. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 3Jul69; JP12259.

  FOLK SONGS OF THE U.S.A. (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 33 fr., color, 35
    mm. With kit. Appl. author: Bryce Bowmar. NM: compilation &
    addition. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Jun65 (in notices: 1966, 1965);
    A157459.

  FOLLOW ME. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20377.

  FOLLOW THE LEADER. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES IV.

  FOOD. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  FOOD SERVICE SERIES. See

    THE FOOD SERVICE WORKER.

    PREVENTING FOOD SPOILAGE.

    RECOGNIZING FOOD SPOILAGE.

    SALAD PREPARATION.

    STANDARD FOOD PORTIONS.

  THE FOOD SERVICE WORKER. Comprenetics. 17 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Food service series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Oct69; MP20240.

  FOODS: WHERE DO THEY COME FROM? (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 49
    fr., color, 35 mm. With Suggestions and guides for teaching, 6 p. ©
    Marsh Film Enterprises; 22Sep69; JP12316.

  FOR MEMBERS ONLY. See

    THE OUTSIDER.

  FOR TIME OR ETERNITY? Brigham Young University. 27 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Brigham Young University Dept. of Motion
    Picture Production. © Brigham Young University; 30Dec69 (in notice:
    1970); MP20289.

  FOREST COMMUNITIES. See

    LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.

  FORESTS. See

    RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW.

  FORGERY: DR-33. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  FORMING A FLAT SLIP. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20109.

  FORMING A PITTSBURGH LOCK. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20105.

  FORMING AN OUTSIDE GROOVE SEAM. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20103.

  FORMING LAP SEAMS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20102.

  FOSSILS, KEYS TO THE PAST. See

    [AN INTRODUCTION TO FOSSILS]

  FOSTER, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 58 fr.; pt. 2, 48 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records; 30Dec69; JP12264.

  FOUNDING OF THE AMERICAN COLONIES. Doubleday Multimedia. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday & Co.,
    Inc.; 15Jan70; MP20488.

  FOUR MOODS OF LOVE: TO BE IN LOVE. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  THE 4-STROKE-CYCLE INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINE. See

    AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN.

  1410 DATA FLOW AND INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER. International Business
    Machines Corp. 52 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010
    programming) © International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in
    notice: 1968); MP20213.

  1410/7010 PROGRAMMING. See

    ARITHMETIC OPERATIONS.

    AUTOCODER.

    COMPARE AND BRANCH OPERATIONS.

    DATA MOVEMENT.

    EDITING, PT. 1 AND 2, UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, PT. 1.

    1410 DATA FLOW AND INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER.

    IOCS.

    INDEXING.

    INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 COURSE, INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 SYSTEMS
      & INTRODUCTION TO PROCESSING.

    INTRODUCTION TO IOCS & IOCS.

    INTRODUCTION TO INSTRUCTIONS.

    MAGNETIC TAPE CONCEPTS.

    MAGNETIC TAPE CONSIDERATIONS.

    PROCESSING CONTROL OPERATIONS.

    UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, PT. 3; I/O CHANNEL STATUS INDICATORS.

    TABLE LOOKUP.

  FOX, HOUND, AND THE WIDOW MCCLOUD. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE FOX WENT OUT ON A CHILLY NIGHT. Weston Woods Studios. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. From the book by Peter Spier. Appl. author: Morton
    Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Nov69; LP37639.

  FRACTIONAL PARTS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20431.

  FRACTIONS: ADDING AND SUBTRACTING NUMERATORS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 11.

  FRACTIONS: ADDITION & SUBTRACTION (COMMON DENOMINATORS) See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 12.

  FRACTIONS TO DECIMALS, DECIMALS TO FRACTIONS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 21.

  FRANK 'N' STEIN. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

  THE FRAUD. See

    THE FBI.

  FRAUDS. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  THE FRAUDULENT VOLCANO. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  FRED, BLACK AMERICAN BOY. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

  FREDERICK DOUGLASS. See

    AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

  FREE TO CHOOSE. See

    HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

  FREEDOM: PROTEST AND CIVIL DISOBEDIENCE. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  FREEDOM: WALL OF SEPARATION. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  FRESHWATER POLLUTION. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

  FRIENDSHIP. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible Possum) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in notice: 1966);
    LP37855.

  THE FROG. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Sep66; LP37823.

  THE FROGGY FROGGY DUO. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 15Mar70;
    LP37957.

  THE FUEL SYSTEM. See

    AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN.

  FULLY-FUNCTIONING INDIVIDUAL. See

    TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT.

  THE FULLY-FUNCTIONING ORGANIZATION. See

    TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT.

  THE FULLY-FUNCTIONING SOCIETY. See

    TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT.

  FUNCTION OF BLOOD (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Edwin Shapiro; 17Oct69; A128867.

  FUNCTIONS AND FORMULAS (Filmstrip) Mathematical Sciences Group. 101
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Production in calculus) Written by George N.
    Trytten. © Mathematical Sciences Group, Inc.; 20Dec69; JP11876.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF BIOLOGY (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: B-102--B-104: Coelenterata, Platyhelminthes,
    Nemathelminthes and Annelida. 39 fr.--Echinodermata and Mollusca. 35
    fr.--Arthropoda. 36 fr. Rev. & edited by Ellsworth R. Johnson;
    drawings & letterings by Helen Smith Zwart. © Gerrit C. Zwart d.b.a.
    Visual Sciences; 10Nov69; A126622, 126620-126621.

  THE FUNERAL IS ON MUNDY. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  FUNGUOUS INFECTIONS OF THE FOOT. Schering Corp. Made by Kevin Donovan
    Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Schering Corp.; 30Mar68;
    MP18063.

  FUNNY MR. CLOWN. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES II.

  FUSE. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]


                                   G

  GAIL ANN, KENTUCKY MOUNTAIN GIRL. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

  GAILY, GAILY. Mirisch Productions & Cartier Productions. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book
    by Ben Hecht. © Mirisch Productions, Inc. & Cartier Productions,
    Inc.; 16Dec69; LP37432.

  GALILEO: THE CHALLENGE OF REASON. Learning Corp. of America. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A film production of Azzarella Unlimited. ©
    Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia Pictures, Inc.; 3Feb70
    (in notice: 1969); LP37688.

  GALLERY, A VIEW OF TIME. Buffalo Fine Arts Academy. Made by Don Owen
    Films. Distributed by Fleetwood Films, Inc. 13 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Buffalo Fine Arts Academy; 1Mar70; MP20345.

  THE GALLOPING SKIN GAME. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE GAMES. Twentieth Century-Fox Productions. Released by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From
    the novel by Hugh Atkinson. © Twentieth Century-Fox Productions,
    Ltd.; 31Dec69; LP37951.

  GAMES. Universal Pictures. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. ©
    Universal Pictures; 4Nov67; LP37793.

  GARBAGE. King Screen Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced
    in cooperation with Environmental Studies Program & Earth Science
    Curriculum Project. © King Broadcasting Co.; 20Feb70 (in notice:
    1969); MP20287.

  THE GARBAGE EXPLOSION. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 16
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Saving the environment) © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Apr70; MP20522.

  GARDENER'S BIG DAY. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 174.

  GAS. See

    OUR COMMUNITY UTILITIES.

  A GATHERING OF ONE. International Business Machines Corp. Made by
    Henry Strauss & Co. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 5Feb69; MP20506.

  GEMINI IV: SPACE WALK. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 305) NM: compilation & revision. ©
    Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20227.

  GENERAL EISENHOWER ON THE MILITARY CHURCHILL. James Nelson
    Productions. 50 min., sd., b&w. © James Nelson; 16Mar70; MU8159.

  GENERAL PROBLEMS IN SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED. See

    THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

  GENERATING AND COLLECTING GASES (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 45 fr., color,
    35 mm. Written & photographed by John W. Sulcoski. © Pace Films,
    Inc.; 21Mar69; JP12103.

  GENERATION GAP. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

  GENETICS AND THE CELL. See

    INTRODUCING GENETICS.

  GEOFFREY CHAUCER. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY] (Filmstrip)
    High School Geography Project, Association of American Geographers.
    With kit. Contents: 1-2: Different ideas about cattle. 27
    fr.--Cultural change: a trend toward uniformity. 19 fr. Appl. ti.:
    Student resources. Geography in an urban age, unit 3: Cultural
    geography. Presented by CCM Films. Supported by the National Science
    Foundation. NM: additions & revisions. © Association of American
    Geographers; 9Mar70; A149354.

  THE GEOGRAPHY OF THE UNIVERSE. See

    ASTRONOMY: THE SOLAR SYSTEM AND BEYOND.

  GEORGE ELIOT. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  GERMINATION OF THE BEAN. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1 reel,
    si., color, 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. ti.: Bean germination. © Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 8Apr65 (in notice: 1964);
    MP20290.

  GET ME TO THE REVOLUTION ON TIME. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  GETTING ACQUAINTED. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  GETTING AHEAD: THE ROAD TO SELF-DEVELOPMENT. Roundtable Productions.
    28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 14Nov69;
    LP37706.

  GETTING ALONG. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 2 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20387.

  GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Being on time. 49 fr.--Doing
    things for yourself. 50 fr.--Taking care of things. 48 fr.--Working
    with others. 47 fr.--How quiet helps. 47 fr.--Listening and
    following directions. 47 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 13Oct69; JP12212.

  GETTING READY FOR LEARNING (Filmstrip) 213. Educational Innovations.
    33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice:
    Education Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11933.

  GETTING STRAIGHT. Columbia Pictures Industries. 123 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Based upon the novel by Ken Kolb. © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 1May70; LP37910.

  GETTING THE JOB DONE. Mobil Oil Corp. Made by Jam Handy Productions,
    div. of T.T.P. Corp. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with Fate-Root-Heath Co. & others. © Mobil Oil Corp.;
    26Jan70; MU8155.

  GETTING TO AND FROM SCHOOL. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  THE GHOST MONSTER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty
    heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 9Sep66;
    LP37824.

  GHOST RIDERS. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 1.

  GIANT LIME. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE GIANTS. Sim Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions, Inc.; 1Dec69; LP37638.

  GIDGET GROWS UP. Screen Gems. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based on a
    book by Frederick Kohner. © Screen Gems, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 30Dec69; LP37666.

  A GIFT FOR SAINT MICHAELS (Filmstrip) Division of Curriculum Resources
    of the General Board of Education, United Methodist Church. Made by
    Graded Press. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide & Reading
    script, 1 v. By Janet Jacobson & Grace Storms Tower. Produced
    through Trafco. Photographed by Wayne Smith. © Graded Press; 1Feb70;
    A136324.

  THE GIFT OF THE MAGI. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Gillette Co. 1 reel each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Gillette Co.

    Druggist-30. © 6Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20032.

    Hardness-30. © 2Dec69; MP20029.

    March announcement-60. Appl. ti.: More announcement-30. © 3Dec69;
      MP20030.

    More announcement. 69-01127-60. © 3Dec69; MP20462.

    More signs. 70-0250-30. © 3Mar70 (in notice: 1969); MP20285.

    Platinum-Plus. EB-11-30. © 1Dec69; MP20028.

    Platinum-Plus. EB-11-60. © 3Dec69; MP20031.

  THE GIRL IN THE SHADOWS. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  GIRL WHO LOVED DANGER, A STORY FROM THE CONGO. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  GIRLISH GAMES. See

    KID'S STUFF. No. 99.

  GIVE A MAN ENOUGH ROPE, AND HE'LL START A RODEO. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  GLASS RIDDLE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  GOD'S PLAN (Filmstrip) Convention Press. 12 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    author: Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention. ©
    Convention Press; 1Dec69; JP11952.

  GOGGLES G SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  GOING PLACES IN THE CITY (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Users' guide, 15 p. Contents: The
    library. 47 fr.--The zoo. 50 fr.--The museum. 49 fr.--The aquarium.
    48 fr.--The public gardens. 46 fr.--The planetarium. 46 fr. ©
    Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 31Jul69;
    A127881.

  THE GOLD CARD. See

    THE FBI.

  THE GOLD RUSH. Spectra Pictures. 60 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (The
    Movies, our modern art) A Walter Reade/Sterling, Inc. presentation.
    Appl. author: James E. Limbacher. Appl. states prev. pub. 16Aug25,
    LP21805. NM: abridgement & additions. © Spectra Pictures; 8Oct69;
    LP37498.

  THE GOLD RUSH, ALASKA: THE KLONDIKE 1897-98 (Filmstrip) Clover Park
    School District 400. 69 fr., color, 35 mm. Based on the book One
    man's gold rush: A Klondike album, by Murray Morgan, with
    photographs by E. A. Hegg. Filmstrip adaptation by Louis Kirk. Pub.
    & distributed by University of Washington Press. © Clover Park
    School District 400; 15Dec69; JP11925.

  THE GOLDEN AGE OF THE AUTOMOBILE. John H. Secondari Productions. 51
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with ABC News. ©
    John H. Secondari Productions, Ltd.; 26Sep69; MP20043.

  THE GOLDEN MEAN (Filmstrip) Stride. 58 fr., color, 8 mm. © Stride,
    Inc.; 1May70; JP12286.

  GOLDTOWN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  A GOOD DEED FOR MAT. See

    JOT. Episode no. 16.

  GOOD JOKE ON MOM. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 183.

  GOOD NEWS FOR A CONFUSED WORLD (Filmstrip) Convention Press. 12 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Sunday School Board of the Southern
    Baptist Convention. © Convention Press; 1Dec69; JP11951.

  GOOD NEWS FOR YOU: ADULT (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 37 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Dec69; A142971.

  GOOD NEWS FOR YOU: YOUTH (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 37 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Dec69; A142972.

  THE GOOD SAMARITANS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS] Grain Belt Breweries. Made by Knox
    Reeves Advertising. 1 reel each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Grain Belt
    Breweries, Inc.

    Frank 'n' Stein. GBB-208-30C. © 9Mar70; MP20360.

    Fuse. GBB-203-10C. © 9Mar70; MP20359.

    Generation gap. GBB-204-10C. © 9Mar70; MP20358.

    Ice mug. GBB-210-30C. © 9Mar70; MP20356.

    International toast. GBB-209-30C. © 9Mar70; MP20361.

    Length. GBB-202-10C. © 9Mar70; MP20362.

    Weekend. GBB-206-30C. © 9Mar70; MP20357.

  GRAM STAINING (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 56 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Photographed by John V. Sulcoski. © Pace Films, Inc.; 21Jan70;
    JP12222.

  GRANDFATHER'S FOOD MARKET. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  GRANDMA LIVES IN OUR HOUSE. King Screen Productions. 6 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 6May70; LP37903.

  GRAPHICS. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES (Filmstrip) Pathescope Educational Films.
    4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual, 31 p. Contents:
    The dog named Candy. 38 fr.--The sleepy bear. 41 fr.--The strange
    visitor. 51 fr.--The magic fiddler. 46 fr. Created & illustrated by
    Erwin Scharf. © Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.; 30Mar70;
    A141564.

  THE GREAT AGE OF FRESCO: GIOTTO TO PONTORMO (Filmstrip) Earl Rowland
    Foundation. 174 fr., color, 35 mm. © Earl Rowland Foundation;
    5Feb70; JU12466.

  THE GREAT BANK ROBBERY. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts & Malcolm Stuart
    Productions. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the
    novel by Frank O'Rourke. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc. & Malcolm
    Stuart Productions, Inc.; 1Jul69; LP38031.

  THE GREAT CHESS GAMBIT. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES. Set 1-2 (Filmstrip) Pathescope
    Educational Films. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kits. Contents:
    Geoffrey Chaucer. 60 fr.--Oliver Goldsmith. 58 fr.--William
    Shakespeare, part 1, his life and times. 59 fr.--William
    Shakespeare, part 2, theater and drama. 57 fr.--Sir Walter Scott. 59
    fr.--The Brontës. 59 fr.--Charles Dickens, part 1, his life. 58
    fr.--Charles Dickens, part 2, his work. 57 fr.--George Eliot. 59
    fr.--Thomas Hardy. 59 fr.--Robert Louis Stevenson. 56 fr.--Winston
    S. Churchill. 58 fr. Script & photography by Warren Murray. ©
    Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; A135251.

  GREEN WHISTLES CAN'T SING GLORY TO GOD (Filmstrip) Division of
    Curriculum Resources of the General Board of Education, United
    Methodist Church. Made by Graded Press. 69 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    Leader's guide & reading script, 1 v. Written by Ben Logan (and
    helpers), illustrated by boys & girls of the St. Paul United
    Methodist Church with the help of Mrs. Richard Low. Produced through
    Trafco. © Graded Press; 1Nov69; A151191.

  THE GRIPEVINE (Filmstrip) Sylvania Electric Products. Made by
    Coleman/Meyer. 101 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sylvania Electric Products,
    Inc.; 1Jun70; JP12284.

  GROWTH FROM A MELT. Thorne Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Crystals, no. 569) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20119.

  GROWTH IN SOLUTION. Thorne Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Crystals, no. 568) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20118.

  THE GROWTH OF ANCIENT EGYPT. See

    LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.

  GROWTH OF MOLDS. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1 reel, si.,
    color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 7May69; MP20296.

  GROWTH STAGES OF ORGANIZATIONS. See

    ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.

  GUESS WHO'S COMING TO RIO. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  GUESS WHOSE DINNER IS COMING TO FREDDIE. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  GUESTS. For titles beginning with Guests See

    THE SUMMER BROTHERS SMOTHERS SHOW.

  GUIDES TO DISSECTION. See

    ABDOMEN.

    THE ANTERIOR ABDOMINAL WALL.

    THE ANTERIOR THORACIC WALL AND REMOVAL OF THE LUNG.

    THE HEART.

    INGUINAL CANAL, SPERMATIC CORD AND TESTIS.

    THE LOWER EXTREMITY: THE GLUTEAL REGION.

    THE LUNGS AND REMOVAL OF THE HEART.

    THE POSTERIOR ABDOMINAL WALL.

    THE POSTERIOR AND SUPERIOR MEDIASTINA.

    THE UPPER EXTREMITY.

  GUNS IN THE HEATHER. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  GUNSMITH OF WILLIAMSBURG. Colonial Williamsburg. 59 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Colonial Williamsburg, Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20045.

  GUNSMOKE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A CBS Television Network production. © Columbia
    Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Abelia. © 11Nov68; LP37524.

    Exodus 21-22. © 7Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37515.

    Goldtown. © 20Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37509.

    The good samaritans. © 3Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37514.

    The hide cutters. © 23Sep68; LP37518.

    The intruder. © 26Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37513.

    Johnny Cross. © 16Dec68; LP37528.

    Lobo. © 11Dec68; LP37634.

    The long night. © 10Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37511.

    Lyle's kid. © 16Sep68; LP37517.

    Mannon. © 13Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37508.

    The mark of Cain. © 27Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37633.

    The miracle man. © 26Nov68; LP37526.

    The money store. © 23Dec68; LP37529.

    Night riders. © 17Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37512.

    9:12 to Dodge. © 6Nov68; LP37523.

    O'Quillian. © 21Oct68; LP37522.

    The prisoner. © 10Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37516.

    Railroad. © 18Nov68; LP37525.

    The reprisal. © 3Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37510.

    Slocum. © 14Oct68; LP37521.

    The twisted heritage. © 28Dec68; LP37530.

    Uncle Finney. © 7Oct68; LP37520.

    Waco. © 2Dec68; LP37527.

    Zavala. © 1Oct68; LP37519.

  GURR'S RED BALL. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.


                                   H

  [HF/TV EXCLUSIVES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Alderman Studios. Approx. 60
    sec. each, si., color, 16 mm. © Alderman Studios, Inc.

    Series

    1. Event. E10-E15. 6 motion pictures. © 12Jun69; MP19994.

    2. Image. E20-E25. 6 motion pictures. © 12Jun69; MP19993.

  HALLS OF ANGER. Mirisch Productions. Released by United Artists. 99
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch Productions, Inc.; 25Mar70;
    LP37893.

  THE HAMBLETONIAN. Uplinger-Verna Sports. Released by United Artists. 9
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Uplinger-Verna Sports, Inc.; 1Nov69;
    MP20355.

  HAMDAANI, A STORY FROM ZANZIBAR. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  HAMLET. Woodfall Film. Released by Columbia Pictures Industries &
    Filmways. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 21Dec69; LP37889.

  HANDLE WITH CARE. See

    THE OUTSIDER.

  HANDWASHING PROCEDURES. Comprenetics. 16 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics,
    Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20329.

  HANGING DROP CULTURE. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (The Protozoans, no. 562) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20183.

  HANS ACROSS THE BORDER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School
    Service. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-5: The ugly
    duckling. 40 fr.--The nightingale. 51 fr.--The little mermaid. 45
    fr.--The flying trunk. 57 fr.--The emperor's new clothes. 51 fr. A
    presentation of Jam Handy for Scott Education Division. © Jam Handy
    School Service; 31Mar70; JP12042.

  HAPPY ENDING. Pax Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 112 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Pax Films, Inc.; 16Dec69; LP37434.

  HAPPY HOLLOW HAY RIDE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Possible Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.;
    8Jul68 (in notice: 1966); LP37859.

  HAPPY HOLLOW TURKEY SHOOT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Possible Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.;
    8Jul68 (in notice: 1965); LP37870.

  THE HAPPY OWLS. Weston Woods Studios. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based
    on the book by Celestino Piatti. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. ©
    Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Nov69; LP37489.

  THE HARBOR. See

    TRAVELING IN AND OUT OF OUR CITY.

  HARCOURT-BRACE PROGRAMS FOR COMPUTER-ASSISTED INSTRUCTION (Filmstrip)
    Harcourt, Brace & World. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. Loop film. Appl. ti.:
    Computer-assisted instruction exhibit sound filmstrip. © Harcourt,
    Brace & World, Inc.; 5Jan70; JP12265.

  HARDNESS-30. See

    [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HARDWARE OVERVIEW; CONTROL UNIT FUNCTION. International Business
    Machines Corp. 44 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (DASD concepts)
    © International Business Machines Corp.; 1Oct69; MP20187.

  HARM SWEET HOME. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37857.

  HARRIET TUBMAN. See

    AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

  THE HARVEST. See

    THE FBI.

  HASTY BUT TASTY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 6Mar69; LP37964.

  HAUNTED HOUSE/ARMOR. See

    STORY STARTERS. 4.

  HAWAII. See

    THE HAWAIIANS.

  HAWAII: BRANIFF INTERNATIONAL'S HAWAII. Braniff International. Made by
    Cate & McGlone Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Braniff
    International & Cate & McGlone Films; 30Jul69; MP20480.

  HAWAII: PLAYGROUND OF THE PACIFIC. Cate & McGlone Films. 30 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. 28Aug67, MP17206. NM:
    revisions. © Cate & McGlone Films; 11May70; MP20482.

  HAWAII: SURFING PARADISE OF THE WORLD. Cate & McGlone Films. 9 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Cate & McGlone Films; 9Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP20481.

  THE HAWAIIANS. Mirisch Productions. Released by United Artists Corp.
    134 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel Hawaii,
    by James A. Michener. © Mirisch Productions, Inc.; 24Jun70; LP37995.

  HAWKS AND DOVES. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 18Dec68; LP37635.

  HAYDN, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 39 fr.; pt. 2, 48 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 1Nov67; JP12254.

  HE WHO HAS A HEART OF GOLD SHOULD SEE A DOCTOR. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  HE WHO STEALS MY ROBOT STEALS TRASH. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS (Filmstrip) Cathedral Films. 5 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-5: Running away. 46 fr.--Venereal disease.
    66 fr.--Unplanned parenthood. 44 fr.--Suicide. 53 fr.--Free to
    choose. 47 fr. Graphic art by Vaccaro Associates. © Cathedral Films,
    Inc.; 22Dec69; JP11948.

  THE HEART. Teaching Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to
    dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., Division of A-V Corp.; 18May70;
    MU8181.

  HEART TRANSPLANT AT STANFORD UNIVERSITY. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  HEAT AND TEMPERATURE. McGraw-Hill Book Co. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Presented by McGraw-Hill Text-Films in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 9Jan69; MP20500.

  HEATED AIR INTAKE AND VAPOR SAVER (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service
    conference, session no. 70-6) © Chrysler Corp.; 11Mar70; JP12243.

  HELL'S ANGELS '69. Tracom Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Tracom
    Productions; 30Jul69; LP37607.

  HELP WANTED: SECRETARY. General Electric Co. 18 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © General Electric Co.; 1Oct69; MP19997.

  HELPFUL SIGNS (Filmstrip) KDI Forera Corp. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 31
    fr.; pt. 2, 34 fr.), color, 35 mm. With kit. © KDI Forera Corp.;
    12Jun70; A157205.

  THE HERO. See

    THE FBI.

  HEY, CAB! King Screen Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based
    on an actual experience of Bob Teague in Letters to a black boy. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 3Jun70; MP20508.

  THE HIDE CUTTERS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  HIGH. Joseph Brenner Associates. [Canada] 82 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Joseph Brenner Associates; 1Jul67; LF19.

  HIGH ON A RAINBOW. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  HISTORY AND CULTURE. See

    SEEING ARGENTINA, PARAGUAY AND URUGUAY.

    SEEING THE ANDES COUNTRIES.

  HITLER: ANATOMY OF A DICTATORSHIP. Learning Corp. of America. 23 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. Edited from the motion picture Mein Kampf. Appl.
    states prev. reg. & prev. pub. 1May61, LP20500. NM: compilation &
    additions. © Learning Corp. of America, a division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc. (in notice: Learning Co. of America, a
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.); 19Feb70 (in notice:
    1969); LP37709.

  HITTING THE HIGH SEAS. See

    THE MONKEES. 44.

  HOBO HASSLE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible Possum)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in notice:
    1965); LP37872.

  HOLDING ON. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20382.

  HOLIDAY IN SPAIN. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  HOLLAND AGAINST THE SEA. National Geographic Society. 51 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Metromedia Producers
    Corp. © National Geographic Society; 6Apr70; MP20422.

  HOLLINS MARKET PAST. Elaine Sandra Schwartz. 8 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. © Elaine Sandra Schwartz; 4May70; LU3594.

  HOLY WAR. Billy Budd Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    association with P.E. 1. © Billy Budd Films, Inc.; 1Feb70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20313.

  HOME IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT. Whirlpool Corp. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Whirlpool Corp.; 4Dec69; MU8132.

  HOMECOMING. See

    THE FBI.

  THE HOMELESS LITTLE PUPPY W SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  HOMEWARD BORNE. See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  HOMICIDE. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  HOMO ERECTUS. See

    THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.

  HOMO SAPIENS. See

    THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.

  HOSPITAL BEDS, VARIABLE HEIGHT. Comprenetics. 22 min., sd., color, 8
    mm. (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics,
    Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20324.

  HOSSFEATHERS. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 008.

  HOT DOG. Lee Mendelson Film Productions & Frank Buxton Productions. 58
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc. &
    Frank Buxton Productions, Inc.; 28Mar70; LP37969.

  HOUSE GUEST. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  THE HOUSE OF SEVEN GARGOYLES. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  HOUSEHOLD GHOSTS. See

    BROTHERLY LOVE.

  HOUSES. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  HOW I BECAME ME. See

    JOT. Episode no. 17.

  HOW INSECTS DEVELOP. See

    ABOUT INSECTS.

  HOW LEVEL IS SEA LEVEL? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 13
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 24Apr70; MP20520.

  HOW ORGANIZATION RENEWAL WORKS. See

    ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.

  HOW PLYMOUTH TOPS CHEVROLET FOR 1970 (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made
    by Ross Roy, Inc. 64 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 19Nov69;
    JP11886.

  HOW QUIET HELPS. See

    GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.

  HOW RADIO AND TELEVISION WORK. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  HOW TO APPRAISE YOUR PEOPLE. See

    THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.

  HOW TO BE POPULAR. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  HOW TO BUILD LOYALTY. See

    THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.

  HOW TO CONDUCT A MEETING. Centron Educational Films. 12 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 19Nov69 (in notice: 1970);
    MP20025.

  HOW TO DISAGREE AGREEABLY. See

    THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.

  HOW TO GET WORK DONE. See

    THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.

  HOW TO HANDLE COMPLAINTS (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman Productions. 88
    fr., color, 35 mm. Supervised & directed by Fran Harris, art &
    design by Martin Strudler. © Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.;
    1Apr70; JP12225.

  HOW TO LISTEN MORE EFFECTIVELY (Filmstrip) Harris-Tuchman Productions.
    92 fr., color, 35 mm. Supervised & directed by Fran Harris, art &
    design by Martin Strudler. © Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.;
    1Apr70; JP12226.

  HOW TO MOTIVATE YOUR PEOPLE. See

    THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.

  HOW TO OPERATE THE STENCIL DUPLICATOR. See

    OFFICE MACHINES.

  HOW TO WRITE EFFECTIVE REPORTS. See

    THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.

  HOW YOUR BANK SERVES YOU (Filmstrip) National Learning Productions. 88
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Paul B. McCallister; 15Dec69; JP11949.

  HOW YOUR BANK SERVES YOU (Filmstrip) National Learning Productions. 88
    fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. © Paul B. McCallister; 15Dec69;
    A130483.

  THE HUMAN BODY. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  HUMAN HEREDITY. E. C. Brown Trust Foundation. 21 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Rev. ed. Appl. states prev. reg. 25Jul56, MP7471. © E. C. Brown
    Trust Foundation; 1Nov69; MP20390.

  THE HUMMINGBIRD M SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  HUMOR IN BROADCASTING. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  THE HUNGRY GOD (Filmstrip) Drummer Productions. Made by Joanne
    Shaunessy. 25 fr., color, 35 mm. © Joanne Shaunessy; 28Nov69;
    JP11882.

  HYDRA (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. By Gustav J. Garay. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 3May68; A140569.

  THE HYDROGEN ATOM. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons,
    Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20469.


                                   I

  I AM GROWING UP (Filmstrip) 210. Educational Innovations. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice: Education
    Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11930.

  IBJOB. International Business Machines Corp. 28 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19973.

  IBSYS OPERATING SYSTEM. International Business Machines Corp. 32 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19972.

  ILS APPROACHES. See

    INSTRUMENT APPROACHES.

  IOCS. International Business Machines Corp. 43 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19974.

  IOCS. Pt. 1. See

    INTRODUCTION TO IOCS & IOCS.

  IOCS. Pt. 2. International Business Machines Corp. 23 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19975.

  IOCS. Pt. 2-3. International Business Machines Corp. 55 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69; MP19960.

  I/O CHANNEL STATUS INDICATORS. See

    UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, PT. 3; I/O CHANNEL STATUS INDICATORS.

  I/O CONCEPTS. International Business Machines Corp. 24 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20196.

  I, THE PEOPLE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  I TIME. International Business Machines Corp. 21 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69; MP19957.

  I WAS A TEENAGE MONSTER. See

    THE MONKEES. 18.

  I WONDER WHO'S KISSING HER NOW (Filmstrip) Stride. 101 fr., color, 8
    mm. © Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12296.

  ICE MUG. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

  IDAHO JAMBOREE. Boy Scouts of America. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Boy Scouts of America; 1Feb70; MP20276.

  IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL OF ROACHES. Comprenetics. 18 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Pest control series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69;
    MP20239.

  IDOZERO DIASAKUSEN. See

    LATITUDE ZERO.

  IDYL BEGINS. See

    MARK TWAIN: THE HANNIBAL YEARS.

  IF AT FIRST YOU DON'T SUCCEED, FORGET IT. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  IF CLOCKS COULD TALK (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 31Mar70; JP12244.

  IF HE HOLLERS, LET HIM GO! Forward Films. Released by Cinerama
    Releasing Corp. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Forward Films, Inc.;
    6Sep68; LP38025.

  I'LL NEVER FORGET WHAT'S 'IS NAME. Universal Pictures, Ltd. & Scimitar
    Films. Released by Universal Pictures & Regional Film Distributors.
    99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 25Jan67;
    LP38022.

  I'M A MAN. Peter Rosen. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Peter Rosen
    Productions; 6Feb70; MU8147.

  IMAGE. See

    [HF/TV EXCLUSIVES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Series 2.

  THE IMPOSTER. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 175.

  IMPULSE 90. Cuna Mutual Insurance Society. Made by Cine-Mark. 27 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Norman Weissman. © Cuna Mutual
    Insurance Society; 23Nov69; MP20051.

  IN BOBBY'S BACK YARD. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.

  IN ENEMY COUNTRY. Universal Pictures. 107 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Techniscope. © Universal Pictures; 10Aug68; LP38023.

  IN HURTS AND FLOWERS. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 12Feb69 (in
    notice: 1968); LP37430.

  IN NAME ONLY. Screen Gems. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Screen Gems,
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 25Nov69; LP37419.

  IN SEARCH OF AN ARTIST. see

    IRONSIDE.

  IN THE PATH OF HISTORY: THE SS MANHATTAN. Humble Oil & Refining Co. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Humble Oil & Refining Co.; 24Apr70;
    MP20447.

  INCIDENT AT DIABLO CROSSING. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  INCIDENT IN BERLIN. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE INCOMPARABLE CONNIE WALKER. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  INCOMPLETE DOMINANCE, SEGREGATION, PUNNET SQUARE. See

    INTRODUCING GENETICS.

  THE INCREDIBLE SHRINKING CAR. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  INDEPENDENT ASSORTMENT AND LINKAGE. See

    INTRODUCING GENETICS.

  INDEXING. Pt. 1. International Business Machines Corp. 28 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19976.

  INDEXING. Pt. 2. International Business Machines Corp. 39 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20210.

  INDEXING. Pt. 2. International Business Machines Corp. 36 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP20218.

  INDEXING. PT. 2. See

    PROCESSING CONTROL OPERATIONS, PT. 1, AND INDEXING, PT. 2.

  INDEXING. Pt. 3. International Business Machines Corp. 35 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19977.

  INDEXING, PT. 4 AND SUBROUTINES, PT. 1. International Business
    Machines Corp. 55 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94
    programming) © International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69;
    MP19978.

  INDIA AND HER FOOD PROBLEM. Atlantis Productions. 16 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 8Nov65; MP20180.

  INDIVIDUALITY AND TEAMWORK. See

    ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.

  THE INDUSTRIAL CITY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 16
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 20Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20236.

  INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE--SCIENCE OF SURVIVAL. Xerox Corp. Made by
    Holland-Wegman Productions, division of Niagara Frontier Services. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Xerox Corp.; 9May69; MP19779.

  THE INDUSTRIAL REVOLUTION. See

    WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES.

  THE INDUSTRIAL WORKER. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 17
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 5Apr70 (in notice: 1969); MP20525.

  INDUSTRY AND TRADE. See

    SEEING ARGENTINA, PARAGUAY AND URUGUAY.

  INDUSTRY, MINING AND TRADE. See

    SEEING THE ANDES COUNTRIES.

  INGUINAL CANAL, SPERMATIC CORD AND TESTES. Teaching Films. 16 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    Division of A-V Corp.; 18May70; MU8178.

  INLAND SEA ODYSSEY. Mario Ghio Production Group. 11 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. © Mario Ghio Production Group, Ltd.; 1Apr70; MP20461.

  THE INNER WORLD OF JORGE LUIS BORGES. Harold Mantell, Inc. 29 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Harold Mantell, Inc.; 15Oct69; MP20262.

  INOCULATING TECHNIQUES (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 51 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Photographed by John W. Sulcoski, written by William J. Murray. ©
    Pace Films, Inc.; 21Mar69; JP12220.

  INPUT/OUTPUT CONCEPTS. International Business Machines Corp. 38 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19980.

  THE INQUIRY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  INSECT CLASSIFICATION. See

    ABOUT INSECTS.

  INSECTS AND MAN. See

    ABOUT INSECTS.

  INSTALLING A PISTON ASSEMBLY IN A CYLINDER. McGraw-Hill Book Co. 3
    min., si., color, 8 mm. (Automotive mechanics series: Engine
    rebuilding, set 2) Presented by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 29Dec67; MP19108.

  INSTRUMENT APPROACHES (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: Section A-C: ILS approaches. 93 fr.--VOR &
    VOR/DME approaches. 103 fr.--ADF approaches. 102 fr. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 27Sep62, JP7970, 7962-7963. NM: revision & additions. ©
    Sanderson Films, Inc.; 15Feb70, JP12229; 23Feb70, JP12231, 12228.

  INTELLIGENCE: DR-34. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  INTERFAITH MARRIAGES AND THEIR EFFECT ON CHILDREN (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 38 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and the family)
    Planned & written by Gerald Grotey. © Mt. San Jacinto College
    a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District; 1Jan70; JP12322.

  THE INTERMEDIARY. See

    THE FBI.

  INTERMEDIATE TRAFFIC. Driver Education & Training Divisions, Allstate
    Insurance Co. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinemascope. © Allstate
    Insurance Co.; 10Feb70 (in notice: 1968); MP20449.

  INTERNAL AFFAIRS: DR-20. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  INTERNATIONAL TOAST. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

  INTERRELATIONSHIPS OF POLLUTION, INSECTICIDES, AUTOMOBILES. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

  INTERRELATIONSHIPS OF POLLUTION, SEWERAGE, FERTILIZER. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

  AN INTERVIEW WITH DAVID BEN GURION. Covenant Communications Corp.
    Approx. 6 hrs., sd., color, 35 mm. © Covenant Communications Corp.;
    20Feb70; MU8153.

  INTERVIEWING THE DISADVANTAGED. See

    THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

  INTRODUCING GENETICS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment.
    6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With guide, 32 p. Contents: Dominance.
    53 fr.--Incomplete dominance, segregation, Punnet square. 68
    fr.--Independent assortment and linkage. 54 fr.--Genetics and the
    cell. 57 fr.--New trait combinations and mutations. 59
    fr.--Population genetics. 66 fr. By Richard F. Hunt. © Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 2Oct67; A140574.

  INTRODUCTION. See

    READING.

    SENTENCE PATTERNS.

  INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER. International Business Machines Corp. 47
    min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20217.

  INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER. See

    1410 DATA FLOW AND INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER.

  INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY. See

    LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.

  [AN INTRODUCTION TO FOSSILS] (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide, 23
    p. Contents: The nature of fossils. 52 fr.--Fossils, keys to the
    past. 58 fr.--Life of the Lower Paleozoic era. 51 fr.--Life of the
    Upper Paleozoic era. 62 fr.--Life of the Mesozoic era. 58 fr.--Life
    of the Cenozoic era. 45 fr. By William H. Matthews III. © Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 3Feb65; A140585.

  INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 COURSE, INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 SYSTEMS &
    INTRODUCTION TO PROCESSING. International Business Machines Corp. 48
    min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69; MP19962.

  INTRODUCTION TO IOCS & IOCS. Pt. 1. International Business Machines
    Corp. 41 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69; MP19959.

  INTRODUCTION TO INSTRUCTIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 23
    min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69; MP19961.

  INTRODUCTION TO MANAGEMENT SCIENCE. International Business Machines
    Corp. 56 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 1Oct69; MP20184.

  INTRODUCTION TO MANAGEMENT SCIENCE CONT. International Business
    Machines Corp. 16 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 1Oct69; MP20185.

  INTRODUCTION TO PROCESSING. See

    INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 COURSE, INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 SYSTEMS
      & INTRODUCTION TO PROCESSING.

  INTRODUCTION TO SPIRIT DUPLICATION. See

    OFFICE MACHINES.

  INTRODUCTION TO WRITING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 28 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Written by Jerry LaMattery, art work planned & drawn
    by L. V. Williams. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San
    Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12118.

  THE INTRUDER. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE INTRUDERS, CESTODES. Medical Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Clinical aspects of parasitology) Appl. author: Martin E. Gordon. ©
    Medical Films, Inc.; 22May69; MP20396.

  INVERSE OPERATIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20429.

  THE INVISIBLE MONSTER. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  IRELAND. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min.
    each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Harbour-UTV.

    And be my love. © 17Feb69; LP37928.

    Desperate encounter. © 21Oct68; LP37938.

    A drug on the market. © 3Mar69; LP37930.

    I, the people. © 28Oct68; LP37939.

    In search of an artist. © 30Dec68; LP37946.

    Light at the end of the journey. © 7Nov67; LP37922.

    The macabre Mr. Micawber. © 25Nov68; LP37943.

    A matter of love and death. © 31Mar69; LP37933.

    Moonlight means money. © 24Feb69; LP37929.

    Not with a whimper, but a bang. © 7Apr69; LP37934.

    An obvious case of guilt. © 11Nov68; LP37941.

    Price tag: death. © 4Nov68; LP37940.

    The prophecy. © 3Feb69; LP37926.

    Puzzlelock. © 10Mar69; LP37931.

    Reprise. © 18Nov68; LP37942.

    Robert Phillips vs. the man. © 7Oct68; LP37937.

    Rundown on a bum rap. © 27Jan69; LP37925.

    The sacrifice. © 30Sep68; LP37936.

    Sergeant Mike. © 9Dec68; LP37945.

    Shell game. © 16Sep68; LP37935.

    Side pocket. © 2Dec68; LP37944.

    Up, down and even. © 6Jan69; LP37923.

    Why the Tuesday afternoon bridge club met on Thursday. © 20Jan69;
      LP37924.

    A world of jackals. © 10Feb69; LP37927.

  IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 106 min.
    each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Harbour-UTV.

    Split second to an epitaph. © 23Sep68; LP38054.

  IRONSIDE. Harbour-UTV. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. © Harbour-UTV.

    The tormentor. © 27Mar69; LP37932.

  IS YOUR PUPPY STARVING. See

    [TRAINERS BOOST TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  ISLAND OF THE GIANTS. See

    LUNO.

  ISRAEL'S PERIOD OF PROGRESS (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 54 fr., color,
    35 mm, With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 2Jan70; A142973.

  ISTANBUL EXPRESS. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
    106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    18Oct68; LP37723.

  IT COULDN'T BE DONE! Lee Mendelson Film Productions. 58 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc.; 2Apr70;
    LP38026.

  IT TAKES A THIEF. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV.
    Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios,
    Inc.

    The artist is for framing. © 20Jan69; LP37746.

    The Baranoff timetable. © 3Mar69; LP37752.

    The bill is in committee. © 7Oct68; LP37762.

    A case of red turnips. © 25Nov68; LP37768.

    Catspaw. © 17Feb69; LP37750.

    The family. © 31Mar69; LP37755.

    The funeral is on Mundy. © 10Mar69; LP37753.

    The galloping skin game. © 2Dec68; LP37769.

    Get me to the revolution on time. © 21Oct68; LP37764.

    Glass riddle. © 16Dec68; LP37770.

    The great chess gambit. © 14Apr69; LP37757.

    Guess who's coming to Rio. © 6Jan69; LP37745.

    Mad in Japan. © 21Apr69; LP37758.

    A matter of grey matter, pt. 2. © 10Feb69; LP37749.

    The naked billionaire. © 27Jan69; LP37747.

    One night on Soledade. © 16Sep68; LP37760.

    The packager. © 28Oct68; LP37765.

    Rock-bye, bye baby. © 24Mar69; LP37754.

    A sour note. © 30Sep68; LP37761.

    The thingamabob heist. © 14Oct68; LP37763.

    To catch a roaring lion. © 30Dec68; LP37771.

  IT TAKES A THIEF. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. Approx.
    53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

    Boom at the top. © 25Feb69; LP37751.

    Hans across the border, pt. 1. © 12Nov68; LP37766.

    Hans across the border, pt. 2. © 19Nov68; LP37767.

    A thief is a thief is a thief. Pilot: 80 min. © 9Jan68; LP37759.

    38-23-36. © 8Apr69; LP37756.

  IT'S THE BUYERS CHOICE. Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 3Dec69; MU8130.

  IT'S TIME FOR SCHOOL. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  IT'S UP TO YOU (Filmstrip) Division of Curriculum Resources. Made by
    Graded Press. 81 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Produced through
    Trafco. Written by George Koehler, photography by Wayne Smith. ©
    Graded Press; 1Nov69; A160627.

  I'VE GOT ANTS IN MY PLANS. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 14May69;
    LP37429.


                                   J

  J. T. See

    CBS CHILDREN'S HOUR.

  JAMES ROSATI, SCULPTOR. See

    ARTISTS AT WORK.

  JAPAN. See

    ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES.

  JAPANESE CHILDREN IN WINTER. Atlantis Productions. 11 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 4Dec68; MP20265.

  JAPAN'S FEUDAL PAST. See

    OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.

  JEFFERSON DAVIS, A PROFILE. Andrews Enterprises. 31 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. states prev. reg. 12May69, MU8047. © Alfred Penn
    Andrews; 9Mar70; MP20376.

  JESUS GARCIA, HERO OF NACOZARI. Atlantis Productions. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Simons. © Atlantis Productions,
    Inc.; 6Aug69; MP20452.

  [JET X TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Jet X Corp. Approx. 30 sec. each unless
    otherwise indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Jet X Corp.

    Fathers Day. © 6Jun70; LP37987.

    Fathers Day. 53 sec. © 6Jun70; LP37988.

  JETS, ORCHIDS AND KANGAROOS. See

    DISCOVERY.

  JIGSAW. Universal City Studios. Released by Universal Pictures. 97
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a screenplay by Peter Stone & the
    novel Fallen angel, by Howard Fast. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    7Sep68; LP38024.

  JIMMY'S BIRTHDAY. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  JIM'S BIG SURPRISE. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 192.

  JOBS AND ADVANCEMENT: ON THE MOVE. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Apr69;
    MP19986.

  JOBS AND THEIR ENVIRONMENTS: ON THE JOB. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Apr69;
    MP19987.

  JOBS FOR WOMEN: WHERE ARE YOU GOING, VIRGINIA? McGraw-Hill Book Co. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (World of work series) Produced by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Apr69; MP20157.

  JOBS IN THE WORLD OF WORK: A GOOD PLACE TO BE. McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 28Apr69;
    MP20475.

  JOE OVERSTREET, SOUL PAINTER. See

    ARTISTS AT WORK.

  JOE ROBBINS LOOKS AT MERCURY (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP11967.

  JOHN AND MARY. Debrod Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the
    novel by Mervyn Jones. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. & Debrod
    Productions, Inc.; 14Dec69; LP37505.

  JOHN CONYERS, JR., WHO CALLS THE TUNE. See

    BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

  JOHNNY CROSS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  JONNY QUEST. Hanna-Barbera Productions. Released by Screen Gems.
    Approx. 30 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. Based upon an idea created by
    Doug Wildey. © Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.

    Arctic splashdown. © 25Sep64; LP37691.

    Attack of the tree people. © 21Jan65; LP37421.

    Calcutta adventure. © 30Oct64; LP37696.

    The curse of the Anubis. © 2Oct64; LP37692.

    The devil's tower. © 4Feb65; LP37423.

    Double danger. © 13Nov64; LP37698.

    Dragons of Ashida. © 18Dec64; LP37703.

    The dreadful doll. © 4Dec64; LP37701.

    The fraudulent volcano. © 31Dec64; LP37705.

    The house of seven gargoyles. © 18Feb65; LP37425.

    The invisible monster. © 28Jan65; LP37422.

    Monster in the monastery. © 4Mar65; LP37427.

    Pirates from below. © 14Jan65 (in notice: 1964); LP37690.

    Pursuit of the Po-Ho. © 9Oct64; LP37693.

    The Quetong missile mystery. © 11Feb65; LP37424.

    Riddle of the gold. © 16Oct64; LP37694.

    The robot spy. © 6Nov64; LP37697.

    The sea haunt. © 11Mar65; LP37428.

    Shadow of the condor. © 20Nov64; LP37699.

    Skull and double crossbones. © 27Nov64; LP37700.

    A small matter of pygmies. © 11Dec64; LP37702.

    Terror Island. © 25Feb65; LP37426.

    Treasure of the temple. © 23Oct64; LP37695.

    Turu the Terrible. © 24Dec64; LP37704.

    Werewolf of the timberland. © 7Jan65 (in notice: 1964); LP37689.

  JOSE, PUERTO RICAN BOY. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

  JOT. Southern Baptist Convention's Radio-Television Commission. Made
    by Keitz & Herndon. Approx. 4 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Southern Baptist Convention's Radio-Television Commission.

    Episode no.

    14. Jot and Tat create a song. © 1Jan69; LP37982.

    15. Jot plays the trumpet. © 1Jan69; LP37983.

    16. A good deed for Mat. © 1Jan69; LP37984.

    17. How I became me. © 1Jan69; LP37985.

  A JOURNEY INTO SPACE (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 45 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With Suggestions and guides for teaching, 6 p. © Marsh
    Film Enterprises; 22Sep69; JP12313.

  THE JOY OF BREAST FEEDING. Childbirth & Parent Education League of
    Pinellas County, Fla. Made by Daniel L. Beyer, 14 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Daniel L. Beyer; 15Apr70; MP20450.

  JULIAN BOND, THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN. See

    BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

  JULIAN OF GUATEMALA. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  JUNGLE JACK. See

    LUNO.

  THE JUNKER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 26Aug66; LP37821.

  JUST CLARA AND ME AND MAMA MAKES THREE. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  JUSTICE. See

    RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

  JUSTINE. Berman-Century Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. 116 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on The Alexandria
    quartet, by Lawrence Durrell. © Berman-Century Productions &
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 6Aug69; LP37418.

  JUVENILE. See

    DRAGNET 1969.


                                   K

  KATHY BECOMES A GIRL. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 180.

  KEEP THE DOCTOR AWAY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  KELSTAR DISC BRAKES FOR TRUCKS. Kelsey-Hayes Co. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T-T-P Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Kelsey-Hayes Co.; 24Apr70; MU8172.

  THE KID. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 13.

  KID'S STUFF. Behrens Co. Approx. 3 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Behrens Co., Inc.

    No.

    99. Girlish games. © 20Mar67; LP37493.

    102. Faces. © 20Mar67; LP37494.

  KILLY STYLE. See

    ZERMATT.

  KING NEPTUNE'S CASTLE. See

    LUNO.

  KING OF THE GRIZZLIES. Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena
    Vista Distribution Co. 33 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book
    The biography of a grizzly, by Ernest Thompson Seton. © Walt Disney
    Productions; 12Dec69; LP37662.

  THE KING'S DREAM (Filmstrip) Drummer Productions. Made by Joanne
    Shaunessy. 25 fr., color, 35 mm. © Joanne Shaunessy; 28Nov69;
    JP11881.

  THE KNIVES. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  KOOKY CUCUMBERS. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Terrytoons,
    a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul65; LP37956.

  KOWALSKI OF HARVARD. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 013.

  THE KREMLIN LETTER. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 116 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by Noel Behn. ©
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 30Dec69; LP37643.

  KWICKEE PAINT ROLLER. See

    [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]


                                   L

  THE LAMB WHO HUNTED WOLVES, PT. 2. See

    THE WACKIEST SHIP IN THE ARMY.

  LAND AND PEOPLE. See

    SEEING ARGENTINA, PARAGUAY AND URUGUAY.

    SEEING THE ANDES COUNTRIES.

  THE LAND DREAMER. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  LAND POLLUTION. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

  LAND RAIDERS. Morningside Pictures Corp. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Morningside Pictures Corp.;
    3Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP37954.

  LANGSTON HUGHES. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  LAST OF THE LOG DRIVES. Potlatch Forests. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Potlatch Forests, Inc.; 31Mar70; MP20393.

  THE LAST OF THE MOBILE HOTSHOTS. Sidney Lumet Productions. Released by
    Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the
    play The seven descents of Myrtle, by Tennessee Williams. © Sidney
    Lumet Productions, Inc. & Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 1Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); LP38028.

  THE LATCH KEY KID. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  LATIN AMERICAN FOLK SONGS (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 40 fr., color,
    35 mm. With kit. Appl. author: Roberta McLaughlin. Appl. ti.: Folk
    songs of Latin America. NM: compilation & addition. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 15Mar66; A157466.

  LATITUDE ZERO (Idozero diasakusen) Toho Co. Japan. 106 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Toho Co., Ltd.; 29Jul69; LF57.

  THE LAWYER. Furie Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp.
    120 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Furie
    Productions, Inc.; 18Aug69; LP37708.

  LAYING OUT RADII. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
    4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series: Hand tool
    operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20088.

  LAYOUT USING THE MARKING GAGE. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20087.

  LEARNING NEW SCHOOL HABITS (Filmstrip) 218. Educational Innovations.
    33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice:
    Education Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11938.

  THE LEARNING TREE. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 107 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. A Winger Enterprises, Inc. production. Panavision. Based on
    Gordon Parks' novel. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    LP37991.

  THE LEGEND OF JOHN RIM. See

    THE FBI.

  THE LEGEND OF THE BOY AND THE EAGLE. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  [LEHN & FINK CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]
    Sterling Drug, Lehn & Fink Consumer Products Division. Approx. 30
    sec. each, sd., color. © Sterling Drug, Inc., Lehn & Fink Consumer
    Products Division. Poem. Appl. author: S.S.C. & B., Inc. © 12Jun70;
    MU8196.

  LEMON FOR THE TEACHER. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  THE LEMONADE STAND: WHAT'S FAIR? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 8Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20524.

  LENGTH. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

  LENTIL. Weston Woods Studios. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. From the book
    by Robert McCloskey. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods
    Studios, Inc.; 15Jul57; LP37905.

  LEO BEUERMAN. Centron Educational Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May69; MP20018.

  THE LESSON DOESN'T END. See

    STARTING TOMORROW.

  A LESSON FOR GROWNUPS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  LET IT BE. Apple Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 80 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Apple Films, Ltd.; 13May70; LP37960.

  LET THE RAIN SETTLE IT. Saint Francis Productions. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis
    Productions; 1Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP37883.

  LET YOUR FINGERS FIND YOUR PROSPECTS (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor
    Division. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy
    Organization. © Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp.;
    24Jun70; JU12610.

  LET'S EXPLORE.

    For titles beginning with Let's explore See EXPLORING THE WORLD OF
      NATURE.

  LET'S KEEP IT CLEAN (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    81 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
    session no. 70-5) © Chrysler Corp.; 5Feb70; JP12248.

  LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE. King Broadcasting Co. 20 photoplays (approx. 7
    min. each), sd., color, 16 mm. Contents: What's your name?--Let's
    play school.--Let's make a window.--Five red flowers for
    Suzie.--Balloons, one through nine.--It's time for school.--What is
    it?--Brush your teeth, comb your hair.--The curious coat.--Let's
    open the door.--Suzie's letter.--Grandfather's food market.--Jimmy's
    birthday.--The fire engine.--The little red wheel.--Who lives in the
    zoo?--Who lives on the farm?--What grows on the farm?--Up in the
    air.--Remember? Appl. author: King Screen Productions. © King
    Broadcasting Co.; 9Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP37637.

  LET'S LOOK AT THE LEARNER (Filmstrip) Colonial Films. 64 fr., color,
    35 mm. With kit. Appl. authors: Colonial Films, Inc. & Martin
    Broadwell. © Colonial Films, Inc.; 16Aug66; A151135.

  LET'S MAKE A WINDOW. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  LET'S OPEN THE DOOR. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  LET'S PLAY SCHOOL. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  LETTERS TO A BLACK BOY. See

    HEY, CAB.

  THE LIBERATION OF L. B. JONES. Liberation Co. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by
    Jesse Hill Ford. © Liberation Co.; 18Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP37890.

  THE LIBRARIAN. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  THE LIBRARY. See

    GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.

  LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT (Filmstrip) Plastic Coating Corp. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-3: The growth of ancient Egypt. 38
    fr.--Ancient Egyptian civilization. 39 fr.--Everyday life of the
    ancient Egyptians. 45 fr. A presentation of Jam Handy for Scott
    Education Division. © Plastic Coating Corp.; 18Mar70; JP12039.

  LIFE IN CAMP. See

    LIFE OF A NOMAD PEOPLE.

  LIFE IN [EARLY CIVILIZATIONS]

    For titles beginning with Life in [Early Civilizations] See

    EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.

  A LIFE IN THE BALANCE. See

    THE FBI.

  LIFE, LOVE, DEATH. See

    LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT.

  LIFE OF A NOMAD PEOPLE (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 2
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Users' guide, 7 p. Contents: Life in
    camp. 48 fr.--Travel and trade. 50 fr. © Coronet Instructional
    Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 27Mar69; A127884.

  LIFE OF THE [GEOLOGIC] ERA. See

    [AN INTRODUCTION TO FOSSILS]

  LIGHT. See

    BASIC ASTRONOMY.

  LIGHT AT THE END OF THE JOURNEY. See

    IRONSIDE.

  LIGHTHOUSE/AMUSEMENT PARK/AIRPLANE. See

    STORY STARTERS. 1.

  LINDA AND BILLY RAY FROM APPALACHIA. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. (Newcomers to the city) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 31Mar70; MP20527.

  LINE OF FIRE. See

    THE FBI.

  LINES, SPINES AND PORCUPINES. Doubleday Multimedia. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday & Co.,
    Inc.; 15Dec69; MP20487.

  THE LIONS' DEN (Filmstrip) Drummer Productions. Made by Joanne
    Shaunessy. 25 fr., color, 35 mm. © Joanne Shaunessy; 28Nov69;
    JP11879.

  THE LIPTON PEOPLE. Thomas J. Lipton, Inc. Made by Jerry Warner &
    Associates. 40 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Thomas J. Lipton, Inc.;
    28Oct69 (in notice: 1970); MP20266.

  LISTEN. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES IV.

  LISTEN, LET'S MAKE LOVE (Scusi, facciamo l'amore) Produzioni Europee
    Associate [Italy] Released in the U.S. by Lopert Pictures Corp. 91
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.;
    6Sep68; LF60.

  LISTENING AND FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS. See

    GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.

  THE LITTLE CLOCK T SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  LITTLE FIREFLY F SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  THE LITTLE MERMAID. See

    THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES.

  THE LITTLE RED WHEEL. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  LITTLE VOOM V SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide, 28
    p. Contents: Introduction to ecology. 70 fr.--Biological
    relationships. 70 fr.--Biological communities, pt.: 1. 76 fr.--2.
    Forest communities. 72 fr.--Biological succession: Sand dunes. 75
    fr.--Man and ecology. 77 fr. By Paul V. Webster. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment. Inc.; 15Jan67 (in notice: 1966); A140577.

  LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY (Filmstrip) Society for Visual Education. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training products)
    With Teacher's guide and reading script, 4 v. Contents:
    A219-1--A219-4: What is a family? 48 fr.--The family has a new baby.
    38 fr.--A day with your family. 40 fr.--Family fun. 37 fr. Authors:
    Rose Blaustein & Rita Lindquist. © Society for Visual Education,
    Inc.; 18Nov69; A140429.

  LOBO. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  LOCATING AN AIRPLANE IN FLIGHT. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films.
    1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20442.

  LOCK UP YOUR DAUGHTERS. Domino Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book by
    Bernard Miles. © Domino Productions, Ltd.; 1Sep69; LP37369.

  LOCOMOTOR PATTERNS IN THE JAPANESE MACAQUES. Pt. 1. Oregon Regional
    Primate Research Center. 20 min., si., color and b&w, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Medical Research Foundation of Oregon. © Oregon Regional
    Primate Research Center; 9Feb70; MP20269.

  LOGIC: AND - OR. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20445.

  LOGIC OPERATIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 41 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19982.

  LOGICAL OPERATIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 23 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20191.

  LOLA IN LIPSTICK. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE LONE RANGER. Wrather Corp. Approx. 23 min. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. © Wrather Corp.

    1. Ghost riders; Wrath of the Sun God; Day of the dragon. © 5Nov66;
      LP37802.

    2. Bear claw; Hunter and the hunted; Mephisto. © 19Nov66; LP37804.

    3. Revenge of the mole; Frog people; Terror in toyland. © 8Oct66;
      LP37798.

    4. Black mask of revenge; The sacrifice; Puppetmaster. © 24Dec66;
      LP37809.

    5. Valley of the dead; Forest of death; The fly. © 26Nov66; LP37805.

    6. A time to die; Ghost tribe of Comanche Flat; Attack of
      Lilliputians. © 1Oct66; LP37796.

    7. Circus of death; The brave; Cult of the Black Widow. © 15Oct66;
      LP37799.

    8. El Conquistador; Snowcreature; The prairie pirate. © 12Nov66;
      LP37803.

    9. Man of silver; Nightmare in Whispering Pine; Sabotage. © 29Apr67
      (in notice: 1966); LP37817.

    10. Mastermind; Lost tribe golden giants; Monster scavenger
      crossing. © 25Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP37815.

    11. The Black Panther; Thomas the Great; Island of the Black Widow.
      © 1Apr67 (in notice: 1966); LP37816.

    12. Paddle wheeling pirates; Day at Death's Head Pass; The mad, mad,
      mad, mad scientist. © 13May67 (in notice: 1966); LP37818.

    13. The Kid; Stone Hawk; Sky raiders. © 17Jun67 (in notice: 1966);
      LP37819.

    14. Man from Pinkerton; Tonto and the devil spirit; Deadly glassman.
      © 10Dec66; LP37807.

    15. Black Knight; Taka; Fire rain. © 1Oct66; LP37797.

    16. The secret of Warlock; Wolfmaster; Death hunt. © 3Dec66;
      LP37806.

    17. Secret army of General X; The cat people; Night of the vampire.
      © 24Sep66; LP37795.

    18. Terrible Tiny Tim; Fire monster; The iron giant. © 22Oct66;
      LP37800.

    19. Towntamers, Inc.; Curse of the devil doll; It came from below. ©
      29Oct66; LP37801.

    20. The Trickster; Crack of doom; The human dynamo. © 10Sep66;
      LP37794.

    21. Mr. Happy; Birdman; Dr. Destructo. © 7Jan67 (in notice: 1966);
      LP37811.

    22. Mr. Midas; Black Arrow; The rainmaker. © 17Dec66; LP37808.

    23. Flight of the hawk; The avenger; Battle at Barnaby Bend. ©
      14Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP37812.

    24. Puppetmaster's revenge; Reign of Queen Bee; Kingdom of terror. ©
      31Dec66; LP37810.

    25. Quicksilver; Legend of Cherokee Smith; The day the west stood
      still. © 18Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP37813.

    26. Border rats; Lash and the arrow; Spectre of death. © 25Mar67 (in
      notice: 1966); LP37814.

  THE LONG NIGHT. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  LOOK OUT BELOW (Filmstrip) Stride. 194 fr., color, 8 mm. © Stride,
    Inc.; 1May70; JP12288.

  LOOKING AT TEACHING (Filmstrip) Colonial Films. 73 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With kit. Appl. authors: Colonial Films, Inc. & Martin Broadwell. ©
    Colonial Films, Inc.; 16Feb67; A151139.

  LOOKING AT VISUAL AIDS (Filmstrip) Colonial Films. 67 fr., color, 35
    mm. With kit. Appl. authors: Colonial Films, Inc. & Martin
    Broadwell. © Colonial Films, Inc.; 2Dec66; A151136.

  THE LOOKING GLASS WAR. Columbia British Productions. Released by
    Columbia Pictures Corp. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.
    Based on the book by John Le Carre. © Columbia British Productions,
    Ltd.; 1Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP37632.

  LOONEY TUNES. See

    BUGGED BY A BEE.

  LOPSIDELAND. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 5 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20381.

  LORD THING. Filmsmith. 54 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Filmsmith, Inc.;
    2Mar70; MP20518.

  LORRAINE HANSBERRY. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  LOSERS LET THINGS HAPPEN, WINNERS MAKE THINGS HAPPEN (Filmstrip)
    Plymouth Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 15May70; JP12300.

  THE LOST-WAX PROCESS. See

    ARTISTS AT WORK.

  THE LOTTERY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 18 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Short story showcase) From the story by Shirley
    Jackson. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 13Oct69;
    MP20046.

  LOTTERY. See

    A DISCUSSION OF SHIRLEY JACKSON'S THE LOTTERY.

  LOVE-IN AT GROUND ZERO. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  LOVE IS A FUNNY THING. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  LOVING. Columbia Pictures Industries. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Based upon a novel by J. M. Ryan. © Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc.; 4Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP37949.

  LOW-SPEED CAR CRASH COSTS. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. 22
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety;
    27Jan70; MP20182.

  THE LOWER EXTREMITY: THE GLUTEAL REGION. Teaching Films. 7 min.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8141.

  THE LUBRICATING AND COOLING SYSTEMS. See

    AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN.

  LUBRICATION IN HEALTHY AMD ARTHRITIC JOINTS. Upjohn Co. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Upjohn vanguard of medicine) © Upjohn Co.; 20May70;
    LP37971.

  LUCILLE OF JAMAICA. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  THE LUNGS AND REMOVAL OF THE HEART. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    Division of A-V Corp.; 18May70; MU8182.

  LUNO. Terrytoons. Approx. 5 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.

    The flying chariot. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1965); LP37846.

    Island of the giants. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1965); LP37844.

    Jungle Jack. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1964); LP37841.

    King Neptune's castle. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1965); LP37843.

    Melvin the Magnificent. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1964); LP37839.

    Mixed up matador. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1965); LP37845.

    The poor pirate. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1964); LP37840.

    The prehysteric inventor. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1964); LP37842.

    The square planet. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1965); LP37847.

    Who's dragon. © 2Aug67 (in notice: 1965); LP37848.

  LYLE'S KID. See

    GUNSMOKE.


                                   M

  THE MACABRE MR. MICAWBER. See

    IRONSIDE.

  MACHINA. Vartkes S. Cholakian. 8 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Vartkes S.
    Cholakian; 15Dec69; LU3591.

  MAD IN JAPAN. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE MAGIC FIDDLER. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  THE MAGIC OF TREE BUDS. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1 reel,
    si., color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 2Feb68 (in notice: 1967); MP20293.

  MAGNETIC TAPE CONCEPTS. International Business Machines Corp. 30 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20216.

  MAGNETIC TAPE CONSIDERATIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 33
    min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notice: 1968);
    MP20205.

  MAGNETISM AT WORK. General Electric Co. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    General Electric Co.; 1May70; MP20511.

  MAIN MEMORY. See

    TAPE CHARACTERISTICS AND MAIN MEMORY.

  MAKE THE MOST OF IT (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training
    Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    24Apr70; JP12247.

  MAKING A DOVETAILED JOINT. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20335.

  MAKING A HOLE WITH THE KNOCKOUT PUNCH. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20096.

  MAKING A PINATA. Atlantis Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: John Simons. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 2Jan69;
    MP20451.

  MAKING A SINGLE SEAM. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20104.

  MAKING HOLES WITH THE SMALL HAND PUNCH. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20094.

  MAKING THE SURGICAL (POSTOPERATIVE) BED. Comprenetics. 19 min., sd.,
    color, 8 mm. (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20322.

  MAKING THE UNOCCUPIED (CLOSED) BED. Comprenetics. 19 min., sd., color,
    8 mm. (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) ©
    Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20323.

  MALCOLM X. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  MAMMOTH MOUNTAIN, CALIFORNIA. Trans World International. 30 min., si.,
    color, 16 mm. (The Killy style) © Trans World International, Inc.;
    19Mar69; MU8036.

  MAN AND ECOLOGY. See

    LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.

  MAN AND THE FOREST. See

    THE CEDAR TREES.

  MAN FROM PINKERTON. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 14.

  MAN IN BLACK. See

    ROUGH NIGHT IN JERICHO.

  THE MAN IN THE MIRROR. See

    TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT.

  MAN IN THE SEA. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 11, issue 7.

  MAN OF SILVER. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 9.

  MAN REACHES THE MOON (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 2 filmstrips (Pt.
    1, 44 fr.; pt. 2, 43 fr.), color, 35 mm. Author: Jay Shuler. © on
    compilation; Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 20Mar70; JP12031-12032.

  MANAGEMENT BY EXAMPLE. See

    TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT.

  MANAGEMENT SERVICES: DR-11. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  MANIKINS/SOAPBOX RACER/STORYTELLER. See

    STORY STARTERS. 3.

  MANNON. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MAN'S BIOLOGICAL HERITAGE: EARLY MAN IN THE NEAR EAST (Filmstrip)
    Educational Filmstrips. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. With Lecture notes, 8
    p. Written & photographed by Dudley M. Varner, with illus. by Hal
    Story. © Educational Filmstrips; 1Apr70; JP12285.

  MANSA MUSA, RULER OF MALI. See

    EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.

  MANUFACTURING CLOTHING. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  MANUFACTURING TRUCKS. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  MAP PROGRAMMING SYSTEM. International Business Machines Corp. 26 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19966.

  MARCH ANNOUNCEMENT-60. See

    [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  MARGARET'S OLD FLAME. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 179.

  MARINE POLLUTION. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

  THE MARK OF CAIN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MARK TWAIN: THE HANNIBAL YEARS. Pt. 1: An idyl begins (Filmstrip)
    Perfection Form Co. 85 fr., color, 35 mm. (American pageant writers
    sound filmstrip) © Perfection Form Co.; 15Sep69; JP12006.

  MARK TWAIN: THE HANNIBAL YEARS. Pt. 2: Scamps in paradise (Filmstrip)
    Perfection Form Co. 88 fr., color, 35 mm. (American pageant writers
    sound filmstrip) © Perfection Form Co.; 15Sep69; JP11997.

  MAROONED. Frankovich Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    134 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Martin Caidin. ©
    Frankovich Productions, Inc.; 1Dec69; LP37888.

  MARRIAGE AND THE FAMILY. See

    DIVORCE.

    INTERFAITH MARRIAGES AND THEIR EFFECT ON CHILDREN.

  MARTIN LUTHER KING, JR. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  MARY MCLEOD BETHUNE. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  MASH. Aspen Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    116 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the novel by Richard
    Hooker. © Aspen Productions, Inc. & Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp.; 30Dec69; LP37644.

  MASSACRE AT SAND CREEK. See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  MASTER TECHNICIAN. See

    SHOCK ABSORBER FACTS.

  MASTER TECHNICIANS SERVICE CONFERENCE. See

    HEATED AIR INTAKE AND VAPOR SAVER.

    LET'S KEEP IT CLEAN.

    WIND NOISE & AIR LEAKS.

  MASTERMIND. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 10.

  MATCHING UP. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 4 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20383.

  MATH. See

    FACTORING.

  THE MATTER OF AIR. See

    STARTING TOMORROW.

  A MATTER OF CHOICE. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE MATTER OF DIGNITY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  A MATTER OF GREY MATTER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  MATTER OF LOVE AND DEATH. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE MATTER OF PRIVACY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  MATTHEW OF BELIZE, BRITISH HONDURAS. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  MAURICE SENDAK. Weston Woods Studios, 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
    15Dec65; MP20473.

  THE MAZE. See

    THE FBI.

  ME AND MY SENSES. King Screen Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © King Broadcasting Co.; 10Mar70 (in notice: 1969); MP20286.

  ME, TOO? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 3 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20385.

  MEASURING LENGTH. See

    MEASURING THINGS.

  MEASURING LENGTHS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20440.

  MEASURING LIQUIDS. See

    MEASURING THINGS.

  MEASURING THINGS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Users' guide, 15 p. Contents: Using
    standard units. 47 fr.--Measuring length. 48 fr.--Measuring weight.
    49 fr.--Measuring liquids. 49 fr.--Measuring time with a clock. 49
    fr.--Measuring time with a calendar. 49 fr. © Coronet Instructional
    Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 20May69; A127883.

  MEASURING TIME. See

    MEASURING THINGS.

  MEASURING VOLUMES OF SOLIDS AND LIQUIDS. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Quantitative chemistry laboratory techniques)
    Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.;
    27Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20347.

  MEASURING HEIGHT. See

    MEASURING THINGS.

  THE MECHANICS OF SWALLOWING. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1
    reel, si., b&w, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 5Feb67 (in notice: 1966); MP20294.

  THE MECHANIZED ACCOMPLICE. See

    THE FBI.

  MEDALS. Alex Chodakowski. 25 min., sd., color and b&w, 16 mm. © Alex
    Chodakowski; 25Feb70; MU8158.

  MEDIEVAL ENGLAND: THE PEASANTS' REVOLT. Allan King Associates. 28
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, a division of
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 12Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP37744.

  MEETING IN PROGRESS. Roundtable Productions. 43 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Roundtable Productions. Inc.; 21Nov69; LP37707.

  MEIN KAMPF. See

    HITLER: ANATOMY OF A DICTATORSHIP.

  MEIOSIS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 40 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. By Gustav J. Garay. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 3May68; A140571.

  MELVIN THE MAGNIFICENT. See

    LUNO.

  MEN AT BAY. King Screen Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with Environmental Studies Program & Earth
    Science Curriculum Project. © King Broadcasting Co.; 20Feb70;
    MP20308.

  THE MERCENARY. See

    THE FBI.

  MERCURY 7: FLIGHT OF ALAN SHEPARD. Thorne Films. 5 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 303) NM: compilation &
    revision. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20225.

  MERCURY 13: FLIGHT OF JOHN GLENN. Thorne Films. 5 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 304) NM: compilation &
    revision. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69: MP20226.

  THE MESSENGER. See

    THE FBI.

  THE METALLIC AND NON-METALLIC MINERALS. See

    USING NATURAL RESOURCES.

  METEORS, COMETS AND ASTEROIDS. See

    ASTRONOMY: THE SOLAR SYSTEM AND BEYOND.

  METHODS AND INSTRUMENTS OF OCEANOGRAPHY. John Wiley & Sons. Made by
    Audio Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science
    series) © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 30Jan70; MP20271.

  THE MICKEY MOUSE ANNIVERSARY SHOW. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  THE MICROMETER CALIPER (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 24 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Photographed by John W. Sulcoski, written by Joseph A. Moran. © Pace
    Films, Inc.; 21Mar69; JP12104.

  MICROPHONE SPEAKING. Centron Educational Films. 15 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 21Nov69; MP20024.

  MICROPIPETTE. Thorne Films. 1 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 561) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20135.

  MICROSCOPE. See

    USING THE MICROSCOPE.

  MICROSCOPE: DARK FIELD ILLUMINATION. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. (The Protozoans, no. 566) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20116.

  MICROSCOPE: LIGHT FIELD ILLUMINATION. Thorne Films. 2 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (The Protozoans, no. 565) © Thorne Films, Inc.;
    1Oct69; MP20115.

  MICROSCOPE: OIL IMMERSION. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. (The Protozoans, no. 567) ©Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20117.

  MIDDLE AMERICA (Filmstrip) Look/Listen & Learn. Distributed by
    International Book Corp. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Paco
    of Puerto Rico. 49 fr.--David of Panama. 55 fr.--Pedro of rural
    Mexico. 52 fr.--Elena of Mexico City. 57 fr.--Matthew of Belize,
    British Honduras. 52 fr.--Lucille of Jamaica. 59 fr.--Julian of
    Guatemala. 55 fr.--Alfredo of Costa Rica. 50 fr. Produced in
    cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions, Inc. © Look/Listen &
    Learn, a subsidiary of Audio Visual International Corp.; 24Oct69;
    JP11929.

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Midland
    Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Approx. 60 sec. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. © Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn.

    Baby. © 19Feb70; LP37897.

    Round the world premium. © 16Dec69; LP37896.

    Swans. © 4Nov69; LP37894.

    Tomorrow. © 12Dec69; LP37895.

  MIGHTY HEROES. See

    THE BIG FREEZE.

    THE BIGGER DIGGER.

    THE DRIFTER.

    THE DUSTER.

    THE ENLARGER.

    THE FROG.

    THE GHOST MONSTER.

    THE JUNKER.

    THE MONSTERIZER.

    THE PAPER MONSTER.

    THE PLASTIC BLASTER.

    THE RAVEN.

    THE RETURN OF THE MONSTERIZER.

    THE SCARECROW.

    THE SHOCKER.

    THE SHRINKER.

    THE TIME ERASER.

    THE TIMEKEEPER.

    THE TOY MAN.

  MIJACGEO. See

    THE MONKEES. 58.

  THE MIKADO. BHE Productions. Released by Warner Bros. Pictures. 124
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © BHE Productions, Ltd.; 8Mar67 (in notice:
    1966); LP37992.

  MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION. Group 2 (Filmstrip) Society for
    Visual Education. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide
    and reading script, 4 v. Contents: A379-7--A379-10: The Age of
    Enlightenment. 58 fr.--The Age of Revolutions. 59 fr.--The Napoleons
    and modern imperialism. 58 fr.--The modern era. 59 fr. Written &
    photographed by John R. Ross. © Society for Visual Education, Inc.;
    20Mar70; A147989.

  MILLSTONE. See

    THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH.

  THE MINERAL FUELS. See

    USING NATURAL RESOURCES.

  MINIBIKES/MIRRORS/BARBER SHOP. See

    STORY STARTERS. 9.

  THE MIRACLE MAN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  MISCELLANEOUS OPERATIONS. International Business Machines Corp. 28
    min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20200.

  MISSION NARWHAL. New York Zoological Society. 33 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © New York Zoological Society; 11May70; MU8188.

  THE MISSISSIPPI SYSTEM: WATERWAY OF COMMERCE. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. Made by ADM Films. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Apr70; MP20526.

  MR. HAPPY. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 21.

  MR. KOUMAL. Sim Productions. Approx. 2 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Sim Productions, Inc.

    Mr. Koumal carries the torch. © 1Dec69; LP37778.

    Mr. Koumal crusades for love. © 15Dec69; LP37780.

    Mr. Koumal faces death. © 15Dec69; LP37779.

    Mr. Koumal flies like a bird. © 1Dec69; LP37776.

    Mr. Koumal invents a robot. © 1Dec69; LP37777.

    Mr. Koumal moves to the country. © 15Dec69; LP37781.

  MR. MIDAS. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 22.

  MR. POPPINS P SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  MITOSIS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 29 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. By Gustav J. Garay. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 3May68; A140572.

  MIXED UP MATADOR. See

    LUNO.

  MODERN AGRICULTURE. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  THE MODERN ERA. See

    MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.

  MODERN INDUSTRY. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  THE MOLLY MAGUIRES. Tamm Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
    Corp. 124 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Suggested by a book
    by Arthur H. Lewis. © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Tamm Productions,
    Inc.; 5Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP37376.

  MOMENT OF TRUTH. See

    THE FBI.

  THE MONEY STORE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE MONKEES. Raybert Productions. Released by Screen Gems. Approx. 30
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Raybert Productions, Inc.

    2. Monkee see, Monkee die. © 19Sep66; LP37608.

    4. Your friendly neighborhood kidnappers. © 3Oct66; LP37609.

    5. The spy who came in from the cool. © 10Oct66; LP37610.

    6. Success story. © 17Oct66; LP37611.

    9. The chaperone. © 7Nov66; LP37612.

    10. The Monkees. Pilot. © 14Nov66; LP37613.

    11. Monkees a la carte. © 21Nov66: LP37614.

    13. One man shy. © 5Dec66; LP37615.

    14. Dance, Monkee, dance. © 12Dec66; LP37616.

    15. Too many girls. © 19Dec66; LP37617.

    16. Son of gypsy. © 26Dec66; LP37618.

    17. The case of the missing Monkee. © 9Jan67 (in notice: 1966);
      LP37668.

    18. I was a teenage monster. © 16Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP37669.

    19. Find the Monkees. © 23Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP37670.

    20. Monkees in the ring. © 30Jan67 (in notice: 1966); LP37671.

    21. The prince and the pauper. © 6Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP37672.

    22. Monkees at the circus. © 13Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP37673.

    23. Captain Crocodile. © 20Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP37674.

    24. Monkees a la mode. © 27Feb67 (in notice: 1966); LP37974.

    25. Alias Micky Dolenz. © 6Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP37675.

    26. Monkees chow mein. © 13Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP37975.

    28. Monkees on the line. © 27Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP37676.

    29. Monkees get out more dirt. © 3Apr67 (in notice: 1966); LP37976.

    30. Monkees in Manhattan. © 10Apr67 (in notice: 1966); LP37677.

    31. Monkees in the movies. © 17Apr67 (in notice: 1966); LP37678.

    34. The picture frame. © 18Sep67 (in notice: 1966); LP37977.

    35. Everywhere a sheik, sheik. © 25Sep67 (in notice: 1966); LP37978.

    38. 99 pound weakling. Appl. ti.: 99 lb weakling. © 16Oct67 (in
      notice: 1966); LP37679.

    39. Double barrel shotgun wedding. © 23Oct67 (in notice: 1966);
      LP37680.

    40. Monkees marooned. © 30Oct67 (in notice: 1966); LP37681.

    41. Card carrying red shoes. © 6Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP37682.

    44. Hitting the high seas. © 27Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP37683.

    45. Monkees in Texas. © 4Dec67 (in notice: 1966); LP37684.

    46. Monkees on the wheel. © 11Dec67 (in notice: 1966); LP37685.

    47. The Christmas show. © 25Dec67 (in notice: 1966); LP37686.

    48. Fairy tale. © 8Jan68 (in notice: 1966); LP37619.

    49. Monkees watch their feet. © 15Jan68 (in notice: 1966); LP37620.

    50. The monstrous Monkee mash. © 22Jan68 (in notice: 1966); LP37621.

    51. The Monkees paw. © 29Jan68 (in notice: 1966); LP37622.

    52. The devil and Peter Tork. © 5Feb68 (in notice: 1966); LP37623.

    53. Monkees race again. © 12Feb68 (in notice: 1966); LP37624.

    54. Monkees in Paris. © 19Feb68 (in notice: 1966); LP37625.

    55. The Monkees mind their manor. © 26Feb68 (in notice: 1966);
      LP37626.

    56. Some like it lukewarm. © 4Mar68 (in notice: 1966); LP37627.

    57. Monkees blow their minds. © 11Mar68 (in notice: 1966); LP37628.

    58. Mijacgeo. © 25Mar68 (in notice: 1966); LP37629.

  MONSTER IN THE MONASTERY. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  THE MONSTERIZER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty
    heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug66;
    LP37820.

  THE MONSTROUS MONKEE MASH. See

    THE MONKEES. 50.

  MOOG. Media Artists. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    association with David M. White & Syracuse University
    Television-Radio Center. © Media Artists, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20501.

  MOON AND ECLIPSES. See

    BASIC ASTRONOMY.

  MOONLIGHT MEANS MONEY. See

    IRONSIDE.

  MOONPORT, U.S.A. Trans World Airlines. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Trans World Airlines; 11Jun70; MU8193.

  MORE ABOUT TEN. Review Educational Films. 8 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the elementary school,
    first level series) © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    MP20420.

  MORE ANNOUNCEMENT. See

    [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  MORE SIGNS. See

    [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  MORNING. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES III.

  LE MORT (The dead) Jaxon-Bauer. Made by Christopher Leggo. 10 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Jaxon-Bauer; 18Oct69; MP20083.

  MOSSES, LIVERWORTS, AND FERNS. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 3Nov69; MP20168.

  MOTION GEOMETRY: REFLECTIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school
    mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20436.

  MOTION GEOMETRY: ROTATIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school
    mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20435.

  MOTION GEOMETRY: TRANSLATIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1
    reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school
    mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20434.

  MOTIVATING THE DISADVANTAGED. See

    THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

  THE MOUTH I LIVE IN, AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TOOTH (Filmstrip)
    Colgate-Palmolive Co. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. © Colgate-Palmolive Co.;
    1Dec69; JP11921.

  MOVEMENT EVERYWHERE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 9Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20235.

  MOVEMENT IN THE HUMAN SKELETON. Ward's Natural Science Establishment.
    1 reel, si., b&w, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 5Feb67 (in notice: 1966); MP20295.

  MOVIES, OUR MODERN ART. See

    THE GOLD RUSH.

  MOVING A PATIENT IN BED. Comprenetics. 16 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Basic procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics,
    Inc.; 10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20327.

  A MOVING WORLD. Welcome Wagon International. Made by Vision
    Associates. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mel London. ©
    Welcome Wagon International, Inc.; 29Oct69; MP20263.

  MOZART, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 41 fr.; pt. 2, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records; 1Nov67; JP12263.

  MULTIPLICATION. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20426.

  MULTIPLICATION.

    For other titles beginning with Multiplication See ARITHMETIC REVIEW
      SERIES.

  MULTIPLYING WHOLE NUMBERS & MIXED NUMBERS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 18.

  THE MUSEUM. See

    GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.

  MUSHROOM DEVELOPMENT. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1 reel,
    si., color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 7May69; MP20300.

  MUSIC. See

    TEMPO, DYNAMICS, AND TONE COLOR.

  MUSIC: FROM POPULAR TO CONCERT STAGE. Communications Group
    West/Hollywood. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communications Group
    West/Hollywood; 3Nov69; LP37492.

  MY FAMILY--MY PEOPLE (Filmstrip) 211. Educational Innovations. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice: Education
    Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11931.

  MY KARATE LIES OVER THE OCEAN. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 010.

  MY MAN, THE STAR. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  MY MOTHER, THE CAR. Cottage Industries. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in association with United Artists
    Television. © Cottage Industries & United Artists.

    The blabbermouth. © 14Mar66; LP37657.

    The Captain Manzini Grand Prix. © 19Oct65; LP37661.

    Come honk your horn. © 1Sep65; LP37660.

    Desperate minutes. © 28Mar66; LP37659.

    The incredible shrinking car. © 6Jan66; LP37652.

    My son, the criminal. © 7Feb66; LP37655.

    A riddler on the roof. © 28Jan66; LP37654.

    An unreasonable facsimile. © 11Feb66; LP37656.

    When you wish upon a car. © 21Mar66; LP37658.

    You can't get there from here. © 21Jan66; LP37653.

  MY NEW FRIENDS AT SCHOOL (Filmstrip) 217. Educational Innovations. 34
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice:
    Education Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11937.

  MY OLD MAN, BY ERNEST HEMINGWAY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short story showcase) ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Jan70 (in notice:
    1969); MP20233.

  MY PIONEER PARENTS. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  MY RULES (Filmstrip) 220. Educational Innovations. 34 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice: Education
    Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11940.

  MY SAFETY RULES (Filmstrip) 219. Educational Innovations. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice: Education
    Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11939.

  MY SON, THE CRIMINAL. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  MYOCARDIAL REVASCULARIZATION: VINEBERG PROCEDURE. Upjohn Co. 19 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (The Upjohn vanguard of medicine) A Medical
    Communications Associates production. © Upjohn Co.; 2Aug66 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37496.

  THE MYSTERIOUS N SOUND; THREE LITTLE PIGS H SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.


                                   N

  NET JOURNAL. See

    APPALACHIA: RICH LAND, POOR PEOPLE.

  THE NAKED BILLIONAIRE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE NAME OF THE GAME. Universal City Studios. Canada. Released by
    MCA-TV. Approx. 80 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the
    NBC-TV Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

    The black answer. © 12Dec68; LP37560.

    The Bobby Currier story, © 20Feb69; LP37636.

    Breakout to a fast buck. © 13Mar69; LP37569.

    Collectors' edition. © 10Oct68; LP37551.

    The fear of high places. © 19Sep68; LP37548.

    High on a rainbow. © 5Dec68; LP37559.

    Incident in Berlin. © 24Oct68; LP37553.

    The incomparable Connie Walker. © 23Jan69; LP37564.

    Keep the doctor away. © 13Feb69; LP37567.

    Lola in lipstick. © 7Nov68; LP37555.

    Love-in at ground zero. © 30Jan69; LP37565.

    Ordeal. © 21Nov68; LP37557.

    The protector. © 14Nov68; LP37556.

    Shine on, shine on, Jesse Gil. © 31Oct68; LP37554.

    Swingers only. © 9Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP37547.

    The taker. © 3Oct68; LP37550.

    The white birch. © 28Nov68; LP37558.

    Witness. © 26Sep68; LP37549.

    A wrath of angels. © 27Feb69; LP37568.

  THE NAME OF THE GAME. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV.
    Approx. 80 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV
    Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

    An agent of the plaintiff. © 21Mar69; LP37570.

    The inquiry. © 17Jan69; LP37563.

    Nightmare. © 18Oct68; LP37552.

    Pineapple rose. © 20Dec68; LP37561.

    The revolutionary. © 27Dec68; LP37562.

    The suntan mob. © 7Feb69; LP37566.

  THE NAME OF THE GAME. Universal-Public Arts Productions. [Canada]
    Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 80 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm.
    Produced with the NBC-TV Network. © Universal-Public Arts
    Productions.

    The third choice. © 6Mar69; LP38055.

  A NANNY FOR ALL SEASONS. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE NAPOLEONS AND MODERN IMPERIALISM. See

    MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.

  NARCOTICS. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  NAT TURNER'S REBELLION. See

    AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

  THE NATIONAL PARKS. See

    RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW.

  NATURAL LAWS THAT GOVERN YOUR DRIVING. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  THE NATURE OF FOSSILS. See

    [AN INTRODUCTION TO FOSSILS]

  NATURE OF THE CRISIS. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

  NATURE'S BETTER BUILT HOMES. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  NEED FOR INSTRUCTIONAL MATERIALS (Filmstrip) Oates Learning Materials.
    35 fr., color, 35 mm. Artist, George Cohen; narrator, Peter Pringle.
    Appl. author: Stanton C. Oates. © Stanton C. Oates d.b.a. Oates
    Learning Materials; 13Aug69; A117875.

  THE NEIGHBOR GAME (Filmstrip) Boards of Parish Education & Publication
    of the American Lutheran Church. Made by Augsburg Pub. House. 27
    fr., b&w, 35 mm. (Neighbor series) With kit including Filmkit guide,
    11 p., 8 Filmslip guide folders & 8 filmslips, contents: Neighbors
    are people. 14 fr.--People are important. 13 fr.--Neighbor is being
    together. 12 fr.--Neighbors are not all alike. 13 fr.--Neighbors
    live in many neighborhoods. 12 fr.--Being a neighbor is a healing
    thing. 14 fr.--A neighbor is someone with hopes. 12 fr.--Three
    cheers for neighbors. 13 fr. © Augsburg Pub. House; 2Jan70 (in
    notice on title page: 1969); A159673.

  THE NEW CHOICE AND HOW TO MAKE IT (Filmstrip) Plymouth Division,
    Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 58 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 30Dec69; JP11961.

  A NEW EXCITEMENT IN SCHOOL PICTURES. See

    PUTTING NEW EXCITEMENT INTO SCHOOL PICTURES.

  THE NEW MAN. Mead Corp. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. A Psychedelic
    Players production. © Mead Corp.; 2Jan69; MP20446.

  NEW SOMETHING EXTRA FOR YOU AND OLDS. See

    AMERICA'S ACTION FACTION.

  NEW TRAIT COMBINATIONS AND MUTATIONS. See

    INTRODUCING GENETICS.

  A NEW WIND. National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of the United
    States. 30 min., color. © National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is
    of the United States; 11Dec69; MU8144.

  NEWCOMERS TO THE CITY. See

    CHICANO FROM THE SOUTHWEST.

    LINDA AND BILLY RAY FROM APPALACHIA.

  A NICE KID LIKE YOU. Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry. 39 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry; 16Sep69;
    MP20001.

  NIGERIA AND BIAFRA: THE STORY BEHIND THE STRUGGLE. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 11, issue no. 2.

  NIGHT OF BLOODY HORROR. Taste of Blood. Released by Cinema IV
    International Pictures. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Violent-Vision.
    © Taste of Blood, Inc.; 1May69; LP37500.

  NIGHT RIDERS. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  NIGHT WATCH. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Wagner-Altman production. Appl. author:
    Wagner-Altman Co., a joint venture consisting of Raymond Wagner &
    Robert Altman. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    The suitcase. Pilot. © 12Jul68 (in notice: 1965); LP37981.

  THE NIGHTINGALE. See

    THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES.

  NIGHTMARE. See

    THE FBI.

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  9:12 TO DODGE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  XIX OLYMPIC GAMES. American Broadcasting Companies. 36 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 18Apr69;
    MP20145.

  THE 1970 ALTERNATOR AND REGULATOR (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 73 fr., color, 35 mm. (Session no. 70-4) © Chrysler
    Corp.; 5Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP11989.

  [1970 BARRACUDA VS. MUSTANG] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 64 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 19Nov69; JP11888.

  1970 CHALLENGER VS. CAMARO & FIREBIRD. See

    THE CHEVROLET CAMARO AND PONTIAC FIREBIRD WITH A CHALLENGE FROM
      [CHALLENGER]

  1970 CHARGER VS. PONTIAC GTO & CHEVROLET MONTE CARLO (Filmstrip) Dodge
    Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 89 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler
    Corp.; 5Feb70; JP12239.

  [1970 CHRYSLER VS. BUICK] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP11968.

  [1970 CHRYSLER VS. OLDSMOBILE] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Dec69; JP11958.

  [1970 DUSTER VS. MAVERICK] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP11957.

  THE 1970 ESCAPE MACHINES (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile Division. 48 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Oldsmobile
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12595.

  [1970 FURY VS. FORD] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    63 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 19Nov69; JP11887.

  [1970 IMPERIAL VS. LINCOLN] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Dec69; JP11960.

  THE 1970 OLDS INTERMEDIATES ARE OFF THE PAD (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile
    Division. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy
    Organization. © Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70;
    JU12615.

  [1970 SALES PLANNING CONFERENCE] Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 3Dec69; MU8129.

  1970 SERIES 90 TRUCKS, FEATURES TO MATCH THE NEEDS. See

    CHEVROLET SERIES 90 IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM, & 1970 SERIES 90 TRUCKS,
      FEATURES TO MATCH THE NEEDS.

  1970, THE PEOPLE WAGONS (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile Division. 48 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy Organization. © Oldsmobile
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12600.

  99 POUND WEAKLING. See

    THE MONKEES. 38.

  NINTH MAN, See

    THE FBI.

  THE NO-CRUISE CRUISE. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 004.

  NO NIC. See

    [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  NO ROOM IN THE SUBURBS. Citizens' Council of Montgomery County. 21
    min., b&w. Script by Paul Glickler. © Citizens' Council of
    Montgomery County; 8Apr70; MU8162.

  NOBI AND THE SLAVE TRADERS, AN AFRICAN LEGEND. Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. Made by DEFA Studio. 30 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Adapted from a book by Ludwig Renn. © Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Mar70; MP20521.

  NORWEGIAN FISHERMAN-FARMER. Centron Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Centron Corp., Inc.; 23Jan69; MP20221.

  NORWOOD. Paramount Pictures Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on
    the novel by Charles Portis. © Paramount Pictures Corp., Hal B.
    Wallis & Joseph H. Hazen; 10Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP37950.

  NOT WITH A WHIMPER, BUT A BANG. See

    IRONSIDE.

  NOW YOU SEE IT, NOW YOU DON'T. Universal Television. Released by
    MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal Television (in
    notice: Universal Television, a division of Universal City Studios,
    Inc.); 11Nov68 (in notice: 1967); LP37726.

  NUMBER ONE BUSH. Crown Zellerbach Corp. 22 min., color, © Crown
    Zellerbach Corp.; 25May70; MU8185.

  NUMBERS, CARDINAL AND ORDINAL. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  NUMBERS 11-19. Review Educational Films. 11 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the elementary school,
    first level series) © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    MP20421.

  NUTRITION (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Edwin
    Shapiro; 17Oct69; A128870.


                                   O

  OBJECT CODING. International Business Machines Corp. 45 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20199.

  OBSERVING AND INFERRING: THE BALLOON BOX. American Assn. for the
    Advancement of Science. Made by Inter/Media Instructional Systems. 3
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. © American Assn. for the Advancement
    of Science; 1Jul69; MP20159.

  THE OBSOLETE MENOPAUSE. Upjohn Co. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The
    Upjohn Vanguard of medicine) © Upjohn Co.; 21Oct66; LP37497.

  AN OBVIOUS CASE OF GUILT. See

    IRONSIDE.

  OCCUPATIONS AND TITLES. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  OCEAN. Alpha III Productions. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alpha III
    Productions; 5Sep69; MP20314.

  OCEANOGRAPHY: THE STUDY OF OCEANS. Reinald Werrenrath, Jr. Made by
    Journal Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Reinald Werrenrath,
    Jr.; 1May69; MP20503.

  ODD ANT OUT. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp.
    7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 29Apr70; LP37958.

  OEDIPUS THE KING. Crossroads & World Film Services. Released by
    Universal Pictures. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal
    Pictures, Ltd.; 7Dec67; LP37900.

  OFFICE MACHINES (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 2 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: How to operate the stencil duplicator. 48
    fr.--Introduction to spirit duplication. 36 fr. Planned & written by
    C. A. Rohr. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District; 1Jan70 (in notices: 1969); JP12326, 12328.

  OH, TO BE IN ENGLAND. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  OHM'S LAW OF ELECTRICAL RESISTANCE. See

    BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

  OLD GRAY GOOSE TH SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  OLD MACDONALD'S/HOUSE OF FIRE/UNDERWATER. See

    STORY STARTERS. 7.

  OLD STURBRIDGE AND MYSTIC SEAPORT, HISTORIC COMMUNITIES. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  OLIVER. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  OLIVER GOLDSMITH. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE. Danjaq. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 140 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by
    Ian Fleming. © Danjaq, S.A.; 18Dec69; LP37433.

  ON MY HONOR. Edward Hershberger. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Edward
    Hershberger; 20Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20079.

  ON TOP OF THE PROS. Mine Safety Appliances Co. Made by Wilding, Inc.
    11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Mine Safety Appliances Co.; 1Sep69 (in
    notice: 1968); MP20053.

  ONCE UPON A MEMORY BANK (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by
    Jam Handy Organization. 55 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12592.

  ONE MAN SHY. See

    THE MONKEES. 13.

  ONE MAN'S GOLD RUSH: A KLONDIKE ALBUM. See

    THE GOLD RUSH, ALASKA: THE KLONDIKE 1897-98.

  ONE MORE TIME. Chrislaw Trace-Mark Productions. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Chrislaw Trace-Mark
    Productions, Inc.; 27May70 (in notice: 1969); LP37959.

  ONE NIGHT ON SOLEDADE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  ONE STEP AT A TIME! (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training
    Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    4Jun70; JP12304.

  THE 1000 PLANE RAID. Oakmont Productions. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Oakmont Productions, Inc.;
    1Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37630.

  ONE WEEK. Newsweek. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Newsweek, Inc.;
    15Apr70; MU8186.

  THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 113 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Based on Frank Gilroy's play. Produced in association
    with George Stevens Films. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.;
    30Dec69; LP37645.

  OPALINA. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 556) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20132.

  OPENERS FOR CLOSING 1970 TRUCK SALES (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor
    Division. 20 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy
    Organization. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.;
    24Jun70; JU12613.

  OPERATION BACKSTAGE. See

    PREMIERE.

  OPERATION: CONQUER! (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor
    Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12593.

  OPTICAL PROPERTIES. Thorne Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Crystals, no. 570) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20120.

  O'QUILLIAN. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  ORAL COMMUNICATIONS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. 5 motion pictures, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films in collaboration
    with Joshua Tree Productions. Contents: Planning a speech. 15
    min.--Researching a topic. 11 min.--Communicating correctly. 13
    min.--The power of emotion in speech. 15 min.--Effective persuasion.
    10 min. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 17Sep69 (in notices: 1968);
    MP20174-20178.

  ORDEAL. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  ORDER TAKER OR ORDER MAKER (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 8Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP11990.

  ORGANIZATION RENEWAL. BNA. 5 motion pictures, sd., color, 16 mm. Based
    on the book of the same title by Gordon L. Lippitt. Contents: Growth
    stages of organizations. 29 min.--Confrontation, search, and coping.
    24 min.--Individuality and teamwork. 26 min.--Coping with change. 22
    min.--How organization renewal works. 25 min. © BNA, Inc.; 20Nov69;
    MP20147-20151.

  OUR COMMITMENT: ADULT SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK (Filmstrip) Sunday School
    Board of the Southern Baptist Convention. 21 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention; 17Dec69;
    JP12178.

  OUR COMMUNITY UTILITIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 11 p. Contents: The
    telephone. 47 fr.--Electricity. 47 fr.--Gas. 48 fr.--Water. 49 fr. ©
    Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 24Oct69;
    JP11944.

  OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School Service. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Pt. 1-4: [Early colonies to the
    new nation] 58 fr.--[The Constitution to westward expansion] 61
    fr.--[Abraham Lincoln to World War I] 82 fr.--[World War I armistice
    to Lyndon Johnson] 61 fr. Written by Ruth Roberts. © Jam Handy
    School Service, Inc.; 10Nov69; JP12037.

  OUR SCHOOL WORKERS. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: 727-1--727-4: Building modern Japan. 42
    fr.--Japan's feudal past. 44 fr.--Village life in Japan. 42 fr.--The
    people of Japan. 41 fr. Visual & editorial materials by Dan
    Dimancescu & Christopher G. Knight. © Imperial Film Co., Inc.;
    12Jan70; JP11894-JP11897.

  OUR WORLD OF HOUSES AND HOMES (Filmstrip) 212. Educational
    Innovations. 34 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc.
    (in notice: Education Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11932.

  OUT AND OUT ROUT. Warner Bros. Pictures. Released by Vitaphone. 1
    reel, sd., color, 35mm. (Roadrunner-Coyote cartoon) © Warner Bros.
    Pictures, Inc.; 29Jan66; LP38030.

  OUT OF CONTROL. See

    THE FBI.

  OUT OF IT. Pressman Williams Enterprises. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 97 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. © Pressman Williams Enterprises,
    Inc.; 26Nov69 (in notice: 1968); LP38053.

  OUT OF THE BLUE. See

    PREMIERE.

  THE OUT OF TOWNERS. Jalem Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
    Corp. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Jalem
    Productions, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP37717.

  OUTLINING. See

    READING.

  THE OUTSIDER. Universal City Studios. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Higgins-Universal production. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    21Nov67; LP37725.

  THE OUTSIDER. Universal-Public Arts Productions. [Canada] Released by
    MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with
    NBC-TV Network. © Universal-Public Arts Productions.

    The flip side. © 22Feb69; LP37537.

    For members only. © 14Sep68; LP37532.

    Handle with care. © 1Mar69; LP37538.

    Take the key and lock him up. © 8Feb69; LP37536.

  OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, VOLKSWAGEN FULLY AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION
    (Filmstrip) Tramco Industries. 118 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author:
    Eugene Shakin. Appl. ti.: Tramco presents overhaul procedures,
    Volkswagen fully automatic transmission. © Tramco Industries, Inc.;
    24Mar70; JP12123.

  OVERLOAD. See

    THE FBI.

  THE OWL THAT DIDN'T GIVE A HOOT. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.


                                   P

  PACIFICALLY PEEKING. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  THE PACKAGER. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  PACO OF PUERTO RICO. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  PADDLE WHEELING PIRATES. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 21

  THE PAMPAS, HEARTLAND OF ARGENTINA. See

    SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.

  PANCHO. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  THE PAPER MONSTER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty
    heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67;
    LP37838.

  PARAMECIUM. Pt. 1: Ecology. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. (The Protozoans, no. 557) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20133.

  PARAMECIUM. Pt. 2: Physiology. Thorne Films. 5 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. (The Protozoans, no. 558) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20280.

  PARAMECIUM. Pt. 3: Reproduction. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. (The Protozoans, no. 559) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20254.

  PARAMECIUM. Pt. 4: Behavior. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. (The Protozoans, no. 560) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20134.

  PARIS: THE PEACE GAME. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  PASS DRIBBLE SHOOT. John Lavagnino. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    states prev. reg. 29Apr68, MP18333. NM: additions. © John D.
    Lavagnino; 15Aug69; MP20222.

  PATIENTS NEED YOU. Smart Family Foundation. Made by Coronet Films &
    Calvin Productions. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Presented in
    cooperation with American Hospital Assn. & American Medical Assn. ©
    Smart Family Foundation; 19Nov69; MP19956.

  THE PATRIOT. See

    THE FBI.

  THE PATTY DUKE SHOW. Chrislaw Productions. Canada. Released by United
    Artists Television. Approx. 27 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © United
    Artists Television, Inc.

    The conquering hero. © 5Nov63; LP37649.

    House guest. © 8Oct63; LP37647.

    How to be popular. © 3Dec63; LP38651.

    The president. © 12Nov63; LP37650.

    Slumber party. © 22Oct63; LP37648.

  PEARY AND HENSON: NORTH TO THE POLE. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Project 7 Productions. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    10Dec69; MP19985.

  PEDRO OF RURAL MEXICO. See

    MIDDLE AMERICA.

  PENANCE: SACRAMENT OF PEACE. Saint Francis Productions. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis
    Productions; 1Sep69; LP37880.

  PEOPLE ARE IMPORTANT. See

    THE NEIGHBOR GAME.

  THE PEOPLE OF JAPAN. See

    OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.

  PERCY JULIAN. See

    BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.

  PERFORMA PANTY HOSE REV. See

    [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  PERSONAL CLEANLINESS. Society for Visual Education. 4 motion pictures
    (4 min. each) si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Contents: Washing
    your hands and face.--Brushing your teeth.--Washing your
    hair.--Trimming your nails. Appl. author: Burton M. Munk. © Society
    for Visual Education, Inc.; 3Mar69; MP20472.

  PEST CONTROL SERIES. See

    CONTROL OF ANTS, FLIES AND MOSQUITOES.

    CONTROL OF RATS AND MICE.

    IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL OF ROACHES.

  PETS ARE FUN (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 51 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With Suggestions and guides for teaching, 6 p. © Marsh Film
    Enterprises; 22Sep69; JP12315.

  PHASE DIAGRAM FOR BI-CD ALLOY. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John
    Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20467.

  PHILIPPINES: LUZON TRAVELOGUE (Filmstrip) Clover Park School District
    400. 63 fr., color, 35 mm. Photos by Louis Kirk. Pub. & distributed
    by University of Washington Press. © Clover Park School District
    400; 15Dec69; JP11923.

  THE PHILLIPS HEAD SCREW DRIVER. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20112.

  THE PHONE CALL. See

    THE FBI.

  PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I (Filmstrip)
    General Learning Corp., Early Learning Division. 5 filmstrips (14
    fr. each), color, 16 mm. With kit. Contents: What is a birthday
    child?--Do you know what?--Father is big.--Where is Whiffen?--Tell
    me, please, what's that? Photographed by Harvey Mandlin. © General
    Learning Corp.; 19Sep69; JP11969-11973.

  PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES II (Filmstrip)
    General Learning Corp., Early Learning Division. 5 filmstrips (14
    fr. each), color, 16 mm. With kit. Contents: Do you suppose Miss
    Riley knows?--Colors.--What do you say?--Funny Mr. Clown.--Benny's
    four hats. Photographed by Harvey Mandlin. © General Learning Corp.;
    19Sep69; JP11974-11978.

  PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES III (Filmstrip)
    General Learning Corp., Early Learning Division. 5 filmstrips,
    color, 16 mm. With kit. Contents: That's what it is. 15 fr.--Three
    baby chicks. 14 fr.--Morning. 14 fr.--Evening. 12 fr.--A box tied
    with a red ribbon. 14 fr. Photographed by Harvey Mandlin. © General
    Learning Corp.; 19Sep69; JP11979-11983.

  PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES IV (Filmstrip)
    General Learning Corp., Early Learning Division. 5 filmstrips (14
    fr. each), color, 16 mm. With kit. Contents: An apple is red.--Watch
    me indoors.--Watch me outdoors.--Listen.--Follow the leader. ©
    General Learning Corp.; 19Sep69; JP11984-11988.

  PHYSICAL ANTHROPOLOGY. See

    THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.

  PHYSICAL CHANGE: STATES AND MIXTURES. Rand McNally & Co. Made by Fred
    Lasse Productions. 24 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Appl. author:
    Fred R. Lasse. © Fred Lasse Productions; 23Jun69; MP20002.

  PHYSICAL PROPERTIES. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Crystals, no. 571) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20121.

  PHYSIOLOGY. See

    PARAMECIUM.

  THE PICKLE PIRATE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37866.

  PICTURE FRAME. See

    THE MONKEES. 34.

  PICTURES BY [NATIONALITY] YOUTH. See

    YOUNG ARTISTS OF THE WORLD.

  PIGEONS! PIGEONS! Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 9 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    17Nov69; MP20114.

  PINE SEEDS: RELEASE AND GERMINATION. Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 1 reel, si., color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 7May69; MP20299.

  PINEAPPLE ROSE. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE PINK JUNGLE. Universal Pictures. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Universal-Cherokee production. Techniscope. Based on the novel Snake
    water, by Alan Williams. © Universal Pictures; 7Sep68; LP37967.

  PIPER PRE-FLIGHT FACTS (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: Section: A. 85 fr.--B. 104 fr.--C. 112 fr.
    Appl. states prev. reg. 15Dec64, JP9222, 9227, 9221. NM: revisions.
    © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 23Feb70; JP12234-12233, 12230.

  PIPETTING 1, CLEANING AND USING A TRANSFER PIPET. Kalmia Co. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (Quantitative chemistry laboratory
    techniques) Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia
    Co.; 27Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20348.

  PIPETTING 2, GRADUATED PIPET AND 3-VALVE BULB, 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Quantitative chemistry laboratory techniques) Appl.
    authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 27Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20349.

  PIRATE PLUNDER BLUNDER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Possible Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.;
    8Jul68 (in notice: 1966); LP37850.

  PIRATES FROM BELOW. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  PLACE NAMES WITH IN, ON AND AT. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  A PLACE TO GROW, Eastman Kodak Co. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Peckham production. Appl. author: Tennessee Eastman Co. © Eastman
    Kodak Co.; 15Apr69; MP19988.

  PLACE VALUE. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) © Macmillan Co.;
    31Dec69; MP20443.

  THE PLANETARIUM. See

    GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.

  PLANETS IN MOTION. See

    ASTRONOMY: THE SOLAR SYSTEM AND BEYOND.

  PLANNING A SPEECH. See

    ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.

  PLANNING THE STORY. See

    STARTING TOMORROW.

  PLANT RESPONSES. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1 reel, si.,
    color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 8Apr65 (in notice: 1964); MP20291.

  THE PLASTIC BLASTER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty
    heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 26Aug66;
    LP37822.

  PLASTIC FILLER REPAIR (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 36 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, J-3A) Planned & written by
    Paul Wells. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District; 1Jan70; JP12321.

  PLATINUM-PLUS. See

    [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  PLAYGROUNDS. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  PLAYHOUSE 90. Screen Gems. Approx. 90 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Screen Gems, Inc.

    Ain't no time for glory. From a story by William E. Waters. ©
      20Jun57; LP37916.

    The Blackwell story. Based upon a story by Lloyd C. Douglas. ©
      28Feb57; LP37918.

    Clipper ship. From a story by Stephen Longstreet. © 4Apr57; LP37917.

    Confession. © 29Nov56; LP37920.

    Homeward borne. From the novel by Ruth Chatterton. © 9May57;
      LP37919.

    Massacre at Sand Creek. © 27Dec56; LP37921.

    So soon to die. From the story by Jeremy York. © 17Jan57; LP37915.

  THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE (Filmstrip) Marsh Film Enterprises. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With Suggestions and guides for teaching, 6 p. © Marsh
    Film Enterprises; 22Sep69; JP12314.

  PLOTTER AND WIND TRIANGLES (Filmstrip) Sanderson Films. 103 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Sanderson Films, Inc.; 28Feb70; JP12232.

  POEM. See

    [LEHN & FINK CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE POLAR BEAR. Stanley Davis. 3 min., b&w. © Stanley Davis; 17Nov69;
    MU8148.

  POLICE COMMISSION: DR-13. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  POLLUTION CONTROL. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

  POLLUTION OF AIR AND WATER. See

    RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW.

  THE POOR PIRATE. See

    LUNO.

  POPCORN POACHERS. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice; 1965); LP37865.

  POPULATION. See

    ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

  POPULATION GENETICS. See

    INTRODUCING GENETICS.

  POSSIBLE POSSUM. See

    BERRY FUNNY.

    BIG MO.

    BLACK AND BLUE JAY.

    THE BOLD EAGLE.

    THE CHESTNUT NUT.

    DON'T BURRO TROUBLE.

    FINDIN' THE PHANTOM.

    FRIENDSHIP.

    HAPPY HOLLOW HAY RIDE.

    HAPPY HOLLOW TURKEY SHOOT.

    HARM SWEET HOME.

    HOBO HASSLE.

    THE PICKLE PIRATE.

    PIRATE PLUNDER BLUNDER.

    POPCORN POACHERS.

    ROOTIN' TOOTIN' PUMPKIN LOOTIN'.

    SHOWBOAT SHOWOFF.

    SLEEP SLIP-UP.

    SLINKY MINK.

    SOUTHERN SUPERMARKET.

    THE STEEL STEALER.

    SURFACE SURF ACES.

    SWAMP SNAPPER.

    SWAMP WATER TAFFY.

    TRESTLE HASSLE.

    WATCH THE BUTTERFLY.

  THE POSTERIOR ABDOMINAL WALL. Teaching Films, 17 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., Division of A-V
    Corp.; 18May70; MU8177.

  THE POSTERIOR AND SUPERIOR MEDIASTINA. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    Division of A-V Corp.; 18May70; MU8183.

  POSTURE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Speech, 1-A) Planned & written by Clifford Sumrall. © Mt. San
    Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District;
    1Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12325.

  POT, ROCK, REVOLUTION (Filmstrip) Granger Graphics. 140 fr., color, 35
    mm. With script, 7 p. © Constructive Action, Inc.; 20Apr70; A148433.

  POURING ACID. Raybar Technical Films, 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20411.

  THE POWER OF EMOTION IN SPEECH. See

    ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.

  THE POWER TRAIN. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  PREALIGNMENT CHECKS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 31 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, E-2B) Planned & written by
    Sheldon Abbot. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District; 1Jan70; JP12319.

  THE PREDATORS. See

    THE FBI.

  THE PREHYSTERIC INVENTOR. See

    LUNO.

  PREMIERE. North Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Operation backstage.© 9Aug68 (in notice: 1967); LP37979.

    Out of the blue. © 9Aug68 (in notice: 1966); LP37980.

  PREPARATION AND COLLECTION OF OXYGEN. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min.,
    si., color. Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. © Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20402.

  PREPOSITIONS. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  PRESCRIPTION FOR RV SALES (Filmstrip) Chevrolet New Truck
    Merchandising Dept. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Jam Handy
    Organization. © Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.;
    24Jun70; JU12611.

  PRESCRIPTION: MURDER. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Based on Richard Levinson & William Link's play. ©
    Universal City Studios, Inc.; 16Nov68 (in notice: 1967); LP37727.

  THE PRESIDENT. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  PRETTY SOON RUNS OUT. Willis-Wardenburg Films. 29 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. Produced in association with University Extension, University of
    Wisconsin. © WHA-TV; 4Jun68; MP18282.

  PREVENTING FOOD SPOILAGE. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Food service series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Oct69; MP20242.

  PREVENTION AND CONTROL OF DENTAL DISEASE. See

    FLOSSING AND BRUSHING.

  THE PRICE OF LOVE. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  PRICE TAG: DEATH. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE PRINCE AND THE PAUPER. See

    THE MONKEES. 21.

  THE PRINCIPAL. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  PRINCIPLES FOR CREATING CLOTHING, THE WHYS. John Wiley & Sons, Inc.
    Made by Audio Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © John Wiley
    & Sons, Inc.; 23Jan70; MP20274.

  THE PRISONER. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pro-Tel Products. Approx. 1
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pro-Tel Products, Inc.

    Kwickee paint roller. © 31Oct69 (in notice: 1970); MP20457.

    No Nic. © 30Mar70; MP20455.

    Performa panty hose rev. © 10Oct69 (in notice: 1970); MP20456.

  PROBLEMS I CAN SOLVE (Filmstrip) 221. Educational Innovations. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice: Education
    Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11941.

  PROCESSING CONTROL OPERATIONS. Pt. 1. International Business Machines
    Corp. 29 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notice: 1968);
    MP20208.

  PROCESSING CONTROL OPERATIONS, Pt. 1 AND INDEXING, PT. 2.
    International Business Machines Corp. 54 min., sd., b&w. Videotape
    (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) © International Business Machines
    Corp.; 9Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20209.

  THE PRODIGAL SON. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  PRODUCTION. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  PRODUCTION IN CALCULUS. See

    FUNCTIONS AND FORMULAS.

  PROFILE OF A PRESIDENT: RICHARD MILHOUS NIXON. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST, v. 11, issue 4.

  PROGRAMMED READING (Filmstrip) Sullivan Associates. Made by Webster
    Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 7 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents:
    Book 8-14: What's fun? 28 fr.--Gurr's red ball. 30 fr.--In Bobby's
    back yard. 31 fr.--Water, water, everywhere! 33 fr.--Your land and
    mine. 31 fr.--What can you see? 32 fr.--Billy's favorite color. 30
    fr. © Sullivan Press; 3Nov69; JP11946.

  PROGRAMMING. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  PROGRAMMING TECHNIQUES. International Business Machines Corp. 38 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20188.

  PROJECT TWENTY. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 52 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

    The shining mountains. © 15May70; MP20517.

  THE PROMOTION. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 002.

  PROPER FRACTIONS, IMPROPER FRACTIONS, MIXED NUMBERS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 9.

  PROPHECY. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE PROTECTOR. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  PROTEINS: PRIME MOLECULES OF LIFE. See

    DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY.

  PROTOZOANS. See

    ACTINOSPHAERIUM.

    AMOEBA.

    ARCELLA.

    CAMPANELLA.

    DIDINIUM.

    EUGLENA.

    EUPLOTES.

    HANGING DROP CULTURE.

    MICROPIPETTE.

    MICROSCOPE: DARK FIELD ILLUMINATION.

    MICROSCOPE: LIGHT FIELD ILLUMINATION.

    MICROSCOPE: OIL IMMERSION.

    OPALINA.

    PARAMECIUM.

    SLOWING DOWN PROTOZOANS.

    SPIROSTOMUM.

    STENTOR.

    TRICHONYMPHA.

    TRYPANOSOMA.

    VITAL STAINING.

    VOLVOX.

    VORTICELLA.

  PROVINCETOWN ART. Camins de Paris. 46 min., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Jacques Joseph Camins. © Camins de Paris, Inc.; 13Apr70;
    MU8166.

  PUBLIC AFFAIRS. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  THE PUBLIC GARDENS. See

    GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.

  PUBLIC SERVICE. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  PUCCINI, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 41 fr.; pt. 2, 43 fr.); color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 1Nov67; JP12257.

  PUCE A L'OREILLE. See

    A FLEA IN HER EAR.

  PUERTO RICO: THE CARIBBEAN AMERICANS. See

    DISCOVERY.

  THE PUPIL. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  PUPPETMASTER'S REVENGE. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 24

  PURSUIT OF THE PO-HO. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  PUSSYCAT, PUSSYCAT, I LOVE YOU. Three Pictures Corp. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Three Pictures
    Corp.; 18Mar70; LP37961.

  PUTTING NEW EXCITEMENT INTO SCHOOL PICTURES (Filmstrip) Eastman Kodak
    Co. 108 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Appl. ti.: A new excitement in
    school pictures. © Eastman Kodak Co.; 21Nov67; JP11884.

  PUZZLELOCK. See

    IRONSIDE.

  PYGMALION (Filmstrip) Stride. 61 fr., color, 8 mm. © Stride, Inc.;
    1May70; JP12290.

  PYGMALION IN MANAGEMENT (Filmstrip) Stride. 90 fr., color, 8 mm. ©
    Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12291.

  PYTHAGOREAN RELATIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20439.


                                   Q

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Quality
    Bakers of America Cooperative. Approx. 60 sec. each unless otherwise
    indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
    Cooperative, Inc.

    Bread land. © 1Mar70 (in notice: 1969); MP20491.

    Graphics. 30 sec. © 1Mar70; MP20490.

    Sandwich panel. CP-480-2-60. © 1Mar70 (in notice: 1969); MP20495.

    Sandwich panel. CP-480-4-30. 30 sec. © 1Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
      MP20494.

    Sandwich panel. CP-480-6-20. 20 sec. © 1Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
      MP20493.

    Sandwich panel. CP-480-8-10. 10 sec. © 1Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
      MP20492.

  QUANTITATIVE CHEMISTRY LABORATORY TECHNIQUES. See

    MEASURING VOLUMES OF SOLIDS AND LIQUIDS.

    PIPETTING 1, CLEANING AND USING A TRANSFER PIPET.

    PIPETTING 2, GRADUATED PIPET AND 3-VALVE BULB.

    TITRATION.

    WEIGHING 1, BALANCE CONSTRUCTION AND WEIGHING AN OBJECT.

    WEIGHING 2, WEIGHING OUT SUBSTANCES.

  THE QUARRY. See

    THE FBI.

  THE QUEEN AND I. Bing Crosby Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    001. Duffy's cruise. Pilot. © 11Jan69; LP37732.

    002. The promotion. © 23Jan69; LP37773.

    003. Duffy against the computer. © 20Feb69; LP37734.

    004. The no-cruise cruise. © 16Jan69; LP37733.

    005. Requiem for Becker. © 29Jan69: LP37790.

    006. Don't make big waves. © 17Apr69; LP37740.

    007. Who's holding the bag. © 6Feb69; LP37791.

    008. Hossfeathers. © 13Mar69; LP37737.

    009. Who am I talking to? © 29Feb69; LP37735.

    010. My karate lies ever the ocean. © 6Mar69; LP37736.

    011. But to a captain, is he a captain? © 20Mar69; LP37738.

    012. The trousseau. © 26Mar69; LP37739.

    013. Kowalski of Harvard. © 24Apr69; LP37741.

  THE QUETONG MISSILE MYSTERY. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  QUICK COUPLINGS AND RELATED PRODUCTS (Filmstrip) Training Dept. Parker
    Hannifin Corp. 160 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Produced by Academy
    McLarty Productions. © Parker Hannifin Corp.; 30Dec69; A124624.

  QUICKSILVER. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 25.


                                   R

  R. STRAUSS, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2
    filmstrips (pt. 1, 55 fr.; pt. 2, 51 fr.), color, 35 mm.
    (Biographies of great composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald
    Saladana. © Bowmar Records, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12261.

  RAILROAD. See

    GUNSMOKE.

    TRAVELING IN AND OUT OF OUR CITY.

  THE RAIN PEOPLE. American Zoetrope. Released by Warner Bros.-Seven
    Arts. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.;
    1Oct69; LP37990.

  RAINY DAY. Alpha III Productions. 60 sec., sd., color, 16 mm. © Alpha
    III Productions; 5Sep69; MP20316.

  RAMAPITHECUS AND AUSTRALOPITHECUS, SOUTH AFRICA. See

    THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.

  RAPID MOVEMENT IN PLANTS. Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 1
    reel, si., color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 7May69; MP20298.

  RAPID TRANSIT SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    60 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP11964.

  RATS AND MICE. See

    CONTROL OF RATS AND MICE.

  RAVEL, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 44 fr.; pt. 2, 59 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12258.

  THE RAVEN. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67; LP37837.

  REACTION RATE FACTORS. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar
    Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20407.

  REACTION RATES. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons,
    Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20466.

  READING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 3 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. Contents: Outlining. 39 fr.--Introduction. 41 fr.--Finding and
    interpreting terms. 35 fr. Planned & written by Blair Ceniceros &
    Jerry LaMattery. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan70
    (in notices: 1969); JP12115-12117.

  READING: DIRECTED LESSONS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. 13 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (Teaching reading series) Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films
    in collaboration with Instructional Enterprises & Patterson Studios.
    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 20Nov69; MP20158.

  THE REBELS/271: ECOLOGY OF DESIGN. King Screen Productions. 16 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 23Jan70 (in notice:
    1969); LP37772.

  RECOGNIZING FOOD SPOILAGE. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Food service series) © Comprenetics, Inc.; 10Oct69; MP20241.

  THE RED SKELTON HOUR. Van Bernard Productions. Approx. 60 min. each,
    sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Van Bernard Productions, Inc.

    Cauliflower fiddles while Bolivar burns. © 3Oct68; LP37576.

    Guess whose dinner is coming to Freddie? © 26Sep68; LP37575.

    He who steals my robot steals trash. © 19Sep68; LP37574.

    The revenge of Prudence Pennyfeather; or, Wide saddles in the old
      corral. © 10Oct68; LP37577.

    Rich people are just poor people with money. © 14Nov68; LP37578.

    Will the real Robin Hood please fall out of a tree? © 10Apr69 (in
      notice: 1968); LP37579.

  THE RED SKELTON HOUR. Van Bernard Productions. Approx. 60 min. each,
    sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Van Bernard Productions, Inc.

    Bathtub gin never leaves a ring. Telecast: Feb. 18, 1969. © 14Feb69;
      LP38038.

    Beauty is only skin deep, unless you're a banana. Telecast: Jan, 28,
      1969. © 23Jan69; LP38035.

    Beneath this ragged shirt lies ragged underwear. Telecast: Feb. 11,
      1969. © 7Feb69; LP38037.

    The best thing to get out of marriage is to get out of marriage.
      Telecast: Jan. 14, 1969. © 9Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38033.

    Button up your overcoat, you forgot your pants. Telecast: Apr. 8,
      1969. © 4Apr69; LP38045.

    Deadeye goes to school; or, A lemon for the teacher. Telecast: Feb,
      25, 1969. © 21Feb69; LP38039.

    Don't look a wooden gift horse in the mouth. Telecast: Jan. 21,
      1969. © 17Jan69; LP38034.

    Give a man enough rope, and he'll start a rodeo. Telecast: Mar. 11,
      1969. © 7Mar69; LP38041.

    He who has a heart of gold should see a doctor. Telecast: Dec. 31,
      1968. © 27Dec68; LP38051.

    If at first you don't succeed, forget it. Telecast: Mar. 18, 1969. ©
      14Mar69; LP38043.

    Just Clara and me and Mama makes three. Telecast: Nov. 26, 1968. ©
      21Nov68; LP38046.

    Love is a funny thing. Telecast: Dec. 3, 1968. © 28Nov68; LP38047.

    There's no place like home, when every other place is closed.
      Telecast: Dec. 10, 1968. © 5Dec68; LP38048.

    Two fellows on an island is a waste of time. Telecast: Dec. 17,
      1968. © 12Dec68; LP38049.

    Uneasy lies the neck that wears the noose. Telecast: Apr. 1, 1969. ©
      28Mar69; LP38044.

    Vagrancy is just loitering that takes a little longer. Telecast:
      Mar. 25, 1969. © 21Mar69; LP38042.

    While trying to win the West, he lost the East. Telecast: Jan. 7,
      1969. © 3Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38032,

    Why the show must go on. Telecast: Feb. 4, 1969. © 31Jan69; LP38036.

    A yellow streak ain't necessarily from mustard. Telecast: Nov. 12,
      1968. © 7Nov68; LP37631.

    You can lead a horse to water, but he'll go by himself to scotch.
      Telecast: Mar. 4, 1969. © 18Apr69; LP38040.

  REDOX: METALS. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films, Inc. © Raybar
    Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20403.

  REDOX: NON METALS. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar
    Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20404.

  REDUCING FRACTIONS TO LOWEST TERMS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 10.

  REGION OF PERIL. See

    THE FBI.

  REMEMBER. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  REMOVING A RIVET. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
    4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series: Hand tool
    operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20101.

  THE REPRISAL. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  REPRISE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  REPRODUCTION. See

    PARAMECIUM.

  REQUIEM. Donald Richard Ham. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Donald Richard
    Ham; 20Apr70; MP20394.

  REQUIEM FOR BECKER. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 005.

  RESEARCHING A TOPIC. See

    ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.

  RESOLVING INTERPERSONAL CONFLICTS. See

    THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

  RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide, 15
    p. Contents: Forests. 65 fr.--Wildlife: Land animals and birds. 65
    fr.--Wildlife: Fishes. 64 fr.--The national parks. 62 fr.--The
    national parks and monuments. 57 fr.--Pollution of air and water. 67
    fr. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 9Jan66; A140579.

  RESPIRATION AND EXCRETION (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 31 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Edwin Shapiro; 17Oct69; A128869.

  THE RETURN OF THE MONSTERIZER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Mighty heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67;
    LP37835.

  REVENGE OF PRUDENCE PENNYFEATHER. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  REVENGE OF THE MOLE. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 3.

  THE REVOLT OF MOTHER. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  REVOLUTION. See

    BASIC ASTRONOMY.

  REVOLUTION IS IN YOUR HEAD. Adelphi Films. 70 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Eugene Rosenthal. © Eugene Rosenthal t.a. Adelphi
    Films; 17Aug69; MP20138.

  THE REVOLUTIONARY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  RICARDO MONTALBAN, DIAHANN CARROLL, FIRST EDITION, PAT PAULSEN,
    GUESTS. See

    THE SMOTHERS BROTHERS COMEDY HOUR.

  RICH PEOPLE ARE JUST POOR PEOPLE WITH MONEY. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  RICHARD HUNT, SCULPTOR. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Black achievements in America) ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 13May70; MP20523.

  RICHARD RUSSELL: GEORGIA GIANT. Cox Broadcasting Corp. 3 motion
    pictures (60 min. each), sd., 16 mm. Appl. authors: Richard B.
    Russell & Cox Broadcasting Corp. © Cox Broadcasting Corp.; 12Feb70;
    MU8154.

  RIDDLE OF THE GOLD. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  A RIDDLER ON THE ROOF. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  RIDE A NORTHBOUND HORSE. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW. Saint Francis Productions. 15 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis Productions;
    15Mar70; LP37882.

  THE RIGHT TO STRIKE (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 72 fr., b&w, 35 mm.
    (Filmstrip on current affairs, Apr. 1970) With Discussion manual, 1
    v. © New York Times Co.; 3Apr70; A151350.

  RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES (Filmstrip) Look/Listen & Learn. 10
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With folder. Contents: Birthright:
    equality. 60 fr.--Birthright: freedom. 58 fr.--Birthright: justice.
    57 fr.--Equality: one man, one vote. 55 fr.--Equality: fair housing.
    57 fr.--Freedom: wall of separation. 55 fr.--Freedom: protest and
    civil disobedience. 61 fr.--Justice: right to privacy. 57
    fr.--Justice: right to silence. 58 fr.--Rights in conflict. 59 fr.
    Produced in cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions, Inc. ©
    Look/Listen & Learn, Inc., a subsidiary of Audio Visual
    International Corp.; 30Mar70; JP12122.

  RING OF STEEL. See

    THE FBI.

  THE RISE OF BIG BUSINESS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
    27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rise of industrial America) ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 15Jan70 (in notice:
    1969); MP20529.

  RIVERRUN. Columbia Pictures Industries. 87 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 27Apr70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP37948.

  ROACHES. See

    IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL OF ROACHES.

  ROADRUNNER-COYOTE CARTOON. See

    OUT AND OUT ROUT.

  ROBBERY: DR-15. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  ROBERT LOUIS STEVENSON. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  ROBERT MCCLOSKEY. Weston Woods Studios. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
    15Jun65; MP20474.

  ROBERT PHILLIPS VS. THE MAN. See

    IRONSIDE.

  ROBIN HOOD. See

    FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.

  THE ROBOT SPY. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  ROCK AND ROLL. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  ROCK-BYE, BYE BABY. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  ROCKLAND, MAINE, COASTAL COMMUNITY. See

    WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

  [ROCKY CASTELLANI VS. GIL TURNER; BOB BAKER VS. BOB SATTERFIELD;
    CARMEN BASILIO VS. ITALO SCORTICHINI] Greatest Fights of the
    Century. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Appl. author: William D. Cayton.
    © Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.; 7Dec69; MP20391.

  RODEO. Concepts Unlimited. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Made with the
    cooperation of Rodeo Cowboys Assn. © Concepts Unlimited, Inc.;
    20Oct69; MP19990.

  RONCO SCISSORS. Castle Advertising. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Castle Advertising, Inc.; 15Mar68; MP20248.

  ROOTIN' TOOTIN' PUMPKIN LOOTIN'. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Possible Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.;
    8Jul68 (in notice: 1965); LP37868.

  ROSIE. Ross Hunter Productions. Released by Universal Pictures. 98
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. From the play A very rich
    woman, by Philippe Heriat. © Universal Pictures & Ross Hunter
    Productions, Inc.; 2Dec67; LP37877.

  ROTATION. See

    BASIC ASTRONOMY.

  ROUGH NIGHT IN JERICHO. Universal Pictures. 104 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Techniscope. Based on the novel The man in black, by Marvin H.
    Albert. © Universal Pictures; 30Sep67; LP37876.

  ROUND THE WORLD PREMIUM. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  RUB-A-DUB-A-DUB. See

    SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.

  RUBBER DAM. Montgomery Community College. 6 min. © Montgomery
    Community College; 22Apr70; MU8175.

  RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY: A DEMONSTRATION. Pt. 1-2.
    Distinguished Contributors Films. 70 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Distinguished contributors to counseling series) © Distinguished
    Contributors Films, Inc.; 1Dec69; MP20080.

  RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.
    Pt. 1. Distinguished Contributors Films. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Distinguished contributors to counseling series) © Distinguished
    Contributors Films, Inc.; 1Dec69; MP20082.

  RULES AND PLANS. Set no. 1 (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Produced by McGraw-Hill Films/University
    Films. Contents: Getting acquainted. 37 fr.--The classroom. 38
    fr.--Playgrounds. 41 fr.--Getting to and from school. 36 fr.--Fire
    drills. 38 fr.--Field trips. 39 fr.--Visitors and visiting. 36
    fr.--Taking care of property. 33 fr. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69;
    JP12274-12281.

  THE RUNAWAYS. See

    THE FBI.

  RUNDOWN ON A BUM RAP. See

    IRONSIDE.

  RUNNING AWAY. See

    HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

  RURAL JAPAN TODAY (Filmstrip) Clover Park School District 400. 88 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Photos by Louis Kirk. Pub. & distributed by University
    of Washington Press. © Clover Park School District 400; 15Dec69;
    JP11924.

  RUTH LEAF, PRINTMAKER. See

    ARTISTS AT WORK.

  RX 15369 IN PUERTO RICO. Parke, Davis & Co. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T-T-P Corp. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Parke, Davis & Co.; 24Apr70; MU8173.


                                   S

  S.P.O.F.B.I.L.B. (Society for the popping of Ford's better idea light
    bulbs) (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 97 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 19Mar70; JP12245.

  SACRIFICE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  SADBIRD. See

    CBS PLAYHOUSE.

  SAHARA: LA CARAVANE DU SEL. National Broadcasting Co. 52 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A presentation of NBC News. © National Broadcasting
    Co., Inc.; 1Jun69; MP20232.

  SAILBOAT/DUCKS/TOY STORE. See

    STORY STARTERS. 2.

  SALAD PREPARATION. Comprenetics. 15 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Food
    service series) © Comprenetics, Inc. 10Nov69; MP20244.

  THE SALE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTY: APARTMENT HOUSES. California Real
    Estate Assn. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Based on the book Apartment
    houses. © California Real Estate Assn.; 1Feb70; MP20228.

  SALES POWER AT YOUR FINGERTIPS (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division.
    Made by Jam Handy Organization. 96 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12616.

  SALUTE TO A CRUSADER: DWIGHT D. EISENHOWER. See

    SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. v. 11, issue 9.

  SANDING AND SHAPING. See

    WOODWORKING: PORTABLE POWER TOOLS.

  SANDWICH PANEL. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SARTORIUS BALANCE 2400. See

    THE AUTOMATIC BALANCE SARTORIUS 2400.

  SAVING THE ENVIRONMENT. See

    THE GARBAGE EXPLOSION.

  SAWING, DRILLING AND SMOOTHING. See

    WOODWORKING: PORTABLE POWER TOOLS.

  SCAMPS IN PARADISE. See

    MARK TWAIN: THE HANNIBAL YEARS.

  SCANIMATE: A NEW WAY TO SEE. Computer Image Corp. 10 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Myron P. Smith. © Computer Image Corp.;
    29Dec69; MU8151.

  THE SCARECROW. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 28Oct66; LP37830.

  SCHOOL IS MY OTHER HOME (Filmstrip) 216. Educational Innovations. 35
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice:
    Education Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11936.

  SCHOOL WORKERS (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. 8 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. Produced by McGraw-Hill Films/University Films. Contents: Our
    school workers. 34 fr.--The pupil. 35 fr,--The teacher. 38 fr.--The
    special teacher. 37 fr.--The librarian. 34 fr.--The school nurse. 31
    fr.--The principal. 39 fr.--The bus driver and the custodian. 36 fr.
    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12266-12273.

  SCHUBERT, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 42 fr.; pt. 2, 37 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 1Nov67; JP12252.

  SCRATCH A TIGER. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 28Jan70 (in notice:
    1969); LP37962.

  SCREEN NEWS DIGEST. Hearst Metrotone News. Approx. 15 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.

    v. 11, issue

    1. Czechoslovakia in chains. © 12Sep68; MP20033.

    2. Nigeria and Biafra: The story behind the struggle. © 9Oct68;
      MP20034.

    4. Profile of a president: Richard Milhous Nixon. © 4Dec68; MP20035.

    5. The changing face of Franco Spain. © 8Jan69; MP20037.

    6. The American Presidency. Color. © 5Feb69; MP20036.

    7. Man in the sea. © 3Mar69; MP20038.

    8. Focus on Berlin. Appl. ti.: Focus on West Berlin: The struggle
      for survival. © 28Mar69; MP20039.

    9. Salute to a crusader: Dwight D. Eisenhower. © 23Apr69; MP20040.

  SCUSI, FACCIAMO L'AMORE. See

    LISTEN, LET'S MAKE LOVE.

  SEA HAUNT. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  SEA WATER AND THE SEA FLOOR. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Audio
    Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science series) ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 30Jan70; MP20270.

  SEACOAST VILLAGE OF JAPAN. Atlantis Productions. 19 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 27Jul62; MP20179.

  SEARCH. Saint Francis Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Christian encounter series) A Teleketics presentation. © Saint
    Francis Productions; 1Sep69; MP20372.

  SECOND BEST. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 188.

  SECRET ARMY OF GENERAL X. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 17.

  THE SECRET OF BOYNE CASTLE. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  THE SECRET OF WARLOCK. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 16.

  SEED DISTRIBUTION AND GERMINATION. Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 1 reel, si., color, 8 mm. Loop film. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 7May69; MP20297.

  SEEING ARGENTINA, PARAGUAY AND URUGUAY (Filmstrip) Coronet
    Instructional Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Users' guide,
    11 p. Contents: Land and people. 52 fr.--Farming and ranching. 54
    fr.--Industry and trade. 52 fr.--History and culture. 53 fr. ©
    Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 24Jun69;
    A127880.

  SEEING THE ANDES COUNTRIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 11 p. Contents: Land
    and people. 54 fr.--Farming and fishing. 52 fr.--Industry, mining
    and trade. 55 fr.--History and culture. 54 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Sep69; JP11945.

  SENSE INDICATE REGISTER OPERATIONS. International Business Machines
    Corp. 22 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19981.

  A SENSE OF HEARING. American Telephone & Telegraph Co. Made by John
    Sutherland Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Dan E. Weisburd. © American Telephone & Telegraph Co.; 7May69;
    LP37973.

  SENTENCE PATTERNS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit. Contents: Introduction. 64
    fr.--Subject-verb. 41 fr.--Subject-verb-modifier. 45
    fr.--Subject-verb-predicate noun. 43 fr.--Subject-verb-direct
    object. 46 fr.--Subject-verb-direct object-modifier. 44
    fr.--Subject-verb-direct object-object complement. 51
    fr.--Subject-verb-indirect object-direct object. 41 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 29Oct69; JP11898.

  SEQUENTIAL LEARNING SERIES ON FUNDAMENTAL NURSING. McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. Approx. 9 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced by Blakiston
    Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. in collaboration with William
    Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.

    Aseptic technique. © 8Jul68 (in notice: 1958); MP18507.

  SERGEANT MIKE. See

    IRONSIDE.

  SERIES 71 DETROIT DIESEL ENGINES SELLING FACTS [& others] (Filmstrip)
    Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 5
    filmstrips in 1 roll, color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 29Jun70; JU12614.

  SETTING RIVETS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series: Hand tool
    operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20100.

  SETTING UP THE SMALL HAND PUNCH. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20093.

  SEVEN DESCENTS OF MYRTLE. See

    THE LAST OF THE MOBILE HOTSHOTS.

  7080 PROGRAMMING. See

    ADDRESS MODIFICATION.

    ARITHMETIC OPERATIONS.

    CENTRAL STORAGE.

    COMPONENTS.

    DATA MOVEMENT.

    I/O CONCEPTS.

    I TIME.

    INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER.

    LOGICAL OPERATIONS.

    MISCELLANEOUS OPERATIONS.

    OBJECT CODING.

    PROGRAMMING TECHNIQUES.

    SUBROUTINE LINKAGE.

    SWITCHES.

    TAPE CHARACTERISTICS AND MAIN MEMORY.

    ZONED ADDRESS.

  7090/94 INTRODUCTION AND 7090/94 HARDWARE. International Business
    Machines Corp. 48 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94
    programming) © International Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69;
    MP19965.

  7090/94 PROGRAMMING. See

    CONTROL INSTRUCTIONS.

    FIXED POINT OPERATIONS.

    FLOATING POINT CONCEPTS.

    FLOATING POINT OPERATIONS, SINGLE PRECISION AND FLOATING POINT
      OPERATIONS, DOUBLE PRECISION.

    IBJOB.

    IBSYS OPERATING SYSTEM.

    IOCS.

    INDEXING.

    INDEXING, PT. 4 AND SUBROUTINES, Pt. 1.

    INPUT/OUTPUT CONCEPTS.

    LOGIC OPERATIONS.

    MAP PROGRAMMING SYSTEM.

    SENSE INDICATE REGISTER OPERATIONS.

    7090/94 INTRODUCTION AND 7090/94 HARDWARE.

    SUBROUTINES.

  SEXUAL FREEDOM IN DENMARK. Horizon Productions. 75 min.; sd., color,
    35 mm. © Horizon Productions; 27Mar70; MP20392.

  SHADOW OF THE CONDOR. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  SHADOW ON THE LAND. Screen Gems. 120 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Screen
    Gems, Inc.; 4Dec68; LP37714.

  SHADOW OVER ELVERON. Universal Television. Released by MCA-TV. 106
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Michael Kingsley. ©
    Universal Television (in notice: Universal Television, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc.); 2Mar68 (in notice: 1966); LP37730.

  SHAME. See

    SKAMMEN.

  SHAMEFUL SECRETS OF HASTINGS CORNERS. See

    THE CONTINUING STORY OF THE SHAMEFUL SECRETS OF HASTINGS CORNERS.

  SHE WALKS IN BEAUTY. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  SHEET METAL RIVETS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20089.

  SHEET METAL SERIES: HAND TOOL OPERATIONS. See

    BENDING SHEET METAL.

    CAPPING A CYLINDER.

    CUTTING WITH AVIATION SNIPS.

    CUTTING WITH TIN SNIPS.

    FASTENING WITH BLIND RIVETS.

    FASTENING WITH SHEET METAL SCREWS.

    THE FLAT BLADE SCREW DRIVER.

    FORMING A FLAT SLIP.

    FORMING A PITTSBURGH LOCK.

    FORMING AN OUTSIDE GROOVE SEAM.

    FORMING LAP SEAMS.

    LAYING OUT RADII.

    LAYOUT USING THE MARKING GAGE.

    MAKING A DOVETAILED JOINT.

    MAKING A HOLE WITH THE KNOCKOUT PUNCH.

    MAKING A SINGLE SEAM.

    MAKING HOLES WITH THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.

    THE PHILLIPS HEAD SCREW DRIVER.

    REMOVING A RIVET.

    SETTING RIVETS.

    SETTING UP THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.

    SHEET METAL RIVETS.

    SOLDERING A SEAM.

    TINNING A SOLDERING COPPER.

    USING A COLD CHISEL TO MAKE A CUT OUT.

    USING LOCKING PLIERS.

    USING THE ELECTRIC DRILL.

    WIRING EDGES.

  SHELL GAME. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE SHIELD, National Society for the Prevention of Blindness. Made by
    Harvest Films. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Leo
    Trachtenberg. © Harvest Films, Inc.; 12May70; MP20454.

  SHIFTING CHEMICAL EQUILIBRIUM. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. ©
    Raybar Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20408.

  SHIH HUANG TI, BUILDER OF CHINA. See

    EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.

  SHINE ON, SHINE ON, JESSE GIL. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE SHINING MOUNTAINS. See

    PROJECT TWENTY.

  SHIRLEY CHISHOLM, ELECT ONE OF YOUR OWN. See

    BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

  SHOBEN, JR., GUIDANCE AND THE ROLE OF THE COUNSELOR. See

    E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR., GUIDANCE AND THE ROLE OF THE COUNSELOR.

  SHOCK ABSORBER FACTS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc.
    81 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technician, session no. 70-3) ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 8Dec69; JP11959.

  THE SHOCKER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Oct66; LP37829.

  SHORT STORY SHOWCASE. See

    A DISCUSSION OF ERNEST HEMINGWAY'S MY OLD MAN.

    A DISCUSSION OF NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE'S DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.

    A DISCUSSION OF SHIRLEY JACKSON'S THE LOTTERY.

    DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.

    THE LOTTERY.

    MY OLD MAN, BY ERNEST HEMINGWAY.

  SHOWBOAT SHOWOFF. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37853.

  SHOWDOWN (Filmstrip) Chevrolet Motor Division. Made by Jam Handy
    Organization. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chevrolet Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12594.

  THE SHRINKER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 23Sep66; LP37825.

  SIBERIA: THE ENDLESS HORIZON. National Geographic Society. 51 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with Metromedia Producers
    Corp. © National Geographic Society; 24Nov69; MP19998.

  SIDE POCKET. See

    IRONSIDE.

  SILENCE IS GOLDEN (Filmstrip) Stride. 139 fr., color, 8 mm. © Stride,
    Inc.; 1May7O; JP12295.

  SIMPLE STAINING TECHNIQUES (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 40 fr., color, 35
    mm. Photographed by John W. Sulcoski. © Pace Films, Inc.; 21Jan70;
    JP12223.

  SINATRA. Bristol Productions. 53 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Sinatra
    Enterprises production. © Bristol Productions, Inc.; 15Sep69;
    LP37909.

  SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School Service. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Filmstrip: 1. Someday I'll grow
    up. 30 fr.--2. Soap and water are my friends. 18 fr.--3. Two clean
    hands. 21 fr.--4. After everything I doodle, doodle, doodle do. 24
    fr.--5. Two times a day. 24 fr.--6. Rub-a-dub-a-dub. 37 fr. By
    Irving Caesar. © Jam Handy School Service, Inc. (pt. 6 in notice:
    Jam Handy Organization); 10Oct69; JP12036.

  SINGER EDUCATION & TRAINING PRODUCTS. See

    CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

    LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.

  SIR WALTER SCOTT. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  SISTERS. Steven A. Henschel. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Steven A.
    Henschel; 11May70; LU3593.

  SITUATIONS IN CITY DRIVING. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  SITUATIONS ON CONTROLLED-ACCESS HIGHWAYS. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  SITUATIONS ON RURAL ROADS AND HIGHWAYS. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  SKAMMEN (Shame) A. B. Svensk Filmindustri, Copenhagen. Released in the
    U.S. by Lopert Pictures Corp. 102 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. © A. B.
    Svensk Filmindustri; 29Sep68; LF58.

  SKEET WELL! Winchester-Western Division of Olin. Made by Francis
    Carter Wood, Inc. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Francis Carter Wood,
    Inc.; 23Apr69; MP19277.

  SKULL AND DOUBLE CROSSBONES. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  SKY CAPERS. Pyramid Film Producers - Santa Monica. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Pyramid Film Producers - Santa Monica; 20Nov68;
    MP20084.

  SLAVERY: AMERICA'S PECULIAR INSTITUTION (Filmstrip) Zenger
    Productions. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Pt. 1-2:
    Background of slavery. 105 fr.--Slavery in America. 101 fr. Written
    by Ulysses Prince III, illus. by Floyd Norman. © Zenger Productions,
    Inc.; 3Jan69 (in notice: 1968); JP12119.

  SLAVERY AND SLAVE RESISTANCE. Arno Press & New York Times Co. 26 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A Dynamic production. Based on material contained
    in The American Negro: his story and literature. © New York Times
    a.a.d.o. New York Times Co.; 15Oct69; LP37898.

  SLAVERY IN AMERICA. See

    SLAVERY: AMERICA'S PECULIAR INSTITUTION.

  SLEEP SLIP-UP. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37849.

  A SLEEPER WAKES. See

    THE FBI.

  THE SLEEPWATCHERS. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  THE SLEEPY BEAR. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  SLINK PINK. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.;
    2Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP37431.

  SLINKY MINK. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible Possum)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in notice:
    1966); LP37862.

  SLOCUM. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  SLOWING DOWN PROTOZOANS. Thorne Films. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (The Protozoans, no. 563) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20136.

  SLUMBER PARTY. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  A SMALL MATTER OF PYGMIES. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  SMALL WOOD ASSEMBLAGE (Filmstrip) Pap Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. Contents: Pt. 1-4: Flower forms. 37 fr.--Flower forms, wooden
    daisies. 36 fr.--Flower forms, spider chrysanthemum. 38 fr.--Flower
    forms, the sunflower. 42 fr. From the motion picture, Sticks and
    scraps. Appl. author: Warren D. Pressler. © Pap Films; 16Jan70;
    JP11907-11910.

  THE SMOTHERS BROTHERS COMEDY HOUR. Comedic Productions. Approx. 60
    min, each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in association with
    Ilson/Chambers Productions. © Comedic Productions, Inc.

    Ricardo Montalban, Diahann Carroll, First Edition, Pat Paulsen,
      guests. Telecast: Nov. 11, 1967. © 2Nov67; LP36285.

  SNAKE BITE: FIRST AID. W.L.B. Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Harry Lee. © W.L.B. Productions; 10Dec69; MP20502.

  SNAKE WATER. See

    THE PINK JUNGLE.

  SO SOON TO DIE. See

    PLAYHOUSE 90.

  SOAP AND WATER ARE MY FRIENDS. See

    SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.

  SOCIETY FOR THE POPPING OF FORD'S BETTER IDEA LIGHT BULBS. See

    S.P.O.F.B.I.L.B.

  SOILS, THEIR FORMATION AND CONTENT. See

    USING NATURAL RESOURCES.

  SOILS, TYPES, MANAGEMENT, CONSERVATION. See

    USING NATURAL RESOURCES.

  SOLDERING A SEAM. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
    4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series: Hand tool
    operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20107.

  SOLOMON, THE SEA TURTLE. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  SOME LIKE IT LUKEWARM. See

    THE MONKEES. 56.

  SOME PROSPECTS ARE CLOSER THAN YOU THINK (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Institute, Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 50 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 25Nov69; JP11889.

  SOME TO DEMONSTRATE, SOME TO DESTROY. International Assn. of Chiefs of
    Police. Made by Audio-Visual Specialties. 25 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © International Assn. of Chiefs of Police, Inc.; 1Apr70;
    MP20448.

  SOMEBODY'S SON. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  SOMEDAY I'LL GROW UP. See

    SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.

  SOMETHING FOR A LONELY MAN. Universal City Studios. Released by
    MCA-TV. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    26Nov68 (in notice: 1967); LP37731.

  SON OF GYPSY. See

    THE MONKEES. 16.

  SONGS OF OUR PACIFIC NEIGHBORS (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With kit. Edited by Roberta McLaughlin. Appl. ti.:
    Folk songs of our Pacific neighbors. NM: compilation & addition. ©
    Bowmar Records, Inc.; 15Jun57; A157467.

  SONGS OF SLAVERY. See

    BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA.

  THE SOUND OF ANGER. Universal-Public Arts Productions. Released by
    MCA-TV, 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal-Public Arts
    Productions; 10Dec68; LP37722.

  A SOUR NOTE. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  SOUSA, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 50 fr.; pt. 2, 58 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12256.

  SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA (Filmstrip) Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (World geography)
    Contents: The pampas, heartland of Argentina. 59 fr.--Buenos Aires,
    a modern metropolis. 53 fr.--Uruguay and Paraguay, a study in
    contrasts. 56 fr.--Chile, between the mountains and the sea. 59
    fr.--Chile, an industrializing nation. 48 fr. Eugene V. Harris,
    photographer. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 15Nov68;
    JP12005.

  THE SOUTHERN STAR. Euro-France Films & Columbia British Productions.
    Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. By
    Jules Verne. © Euro-France Films, S.A.R.L. & Columbia British
    Productions, Ltd.; 1May69 (in notice: 1968); LP37415.

  SOUTHERN SUPERMARKET. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37871.

  SOUTHWIND. See

    THE FBI.

  THE SOVIET UNION: FARMING THE COLLECTIVE WAY. McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power
    International Productions & McGraw-Hill. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Presented by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; MP20425.

  THE SOVIET UNION: LIFE IN MOSCOW. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power International
    Productions & McGraw-Hill. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising,
    Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; MP20423.

  THE SOVIET UNION: MEN, MINERALS, AND MACHINERY. McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power
    International Productions & McGraw-Hill. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Presented by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; MP20424.

  SPACE SCIENCE: EXPLORING THE MOON. Coronet Instructional Films. 17
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 17Nov69; MP20173.

  SPACE SCIENCE: GALAXIES AND THE UNIVERSE. Coronet Instructional Films.
    13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 3Nov69; MP20169.

  SPEAK FOR YOURSELF, MR. FRENCH. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  A SPECIAL KIND OF CHEMISTRY. Eastman Kodak Co. 14 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Eastman Chemical Products, Inc. Appl. states prev.
    reg. 15Apr69, MP19988. NM: revision. © Eastman Kodak Co.; 15May69;
    MP20460.

  SPECIAL MANEUVERS. Driver Education & Training Divisions, Allstate. 29
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Cinema-Scope. © Allstate Insurance Co.;
    10Feb70 (in notice: 1968); MP20279.

  THE SPECIAL TEACHER. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  SPEECH. See

    POSTURE.

  SPIROSTOMUM. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 550) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20128.

  SPLIT SECOND TO AN EPITAPH. See

    IRONSIDE.

  SPORTS. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  SPRAY GUN--CAR WASH. T.V. Tools. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © T.V.
    Tools, Inc.; 30Apr68; MP20247.

  THE SPY WHO CAME IN FROM THE COOL. See

    THE MONKEES. 5.

  SQUANDERED RESOURCES (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 73 fr., b&w, 35
    mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Mar. 1970) With Discussion
    manual, 1 v. © New York Times Co.; 2Mar70; A140008.

  SQUARE PLANET. See

    LUNO.

  STAGE FRIGHT. Centron Educational Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Centron Corp., Inc.; 21Nov69; MP20023.

  STAIRCASE. Stanley Donen Films. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on Charles
    Dyer's play. © Stanley Donen Films, Inc.; 20Aug69; LP37507.

  STANDARD FOOD PORTIONS. Comprenetics. 14 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Food
    service series) © Comprenetics, Inc,; 10Oct69; MP20243.

  STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS. Comprenetics. 19 min., sd., color, 8 mm.
    (Basic procedures for the food service employee) © Comprenetics,
    Inc.: 10Oct69; MP20318.

  STARTING TOMORROW. Milner-Fenwick. 25 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Ealing Corp.

    Developing the vocabulary. © 1Jan68; MP18291.

    The lesson doesn't end. © 1Jan68; MP18289.

    The matter of air. © 1Jan68; MP18288.

    Planning the story. © 1Jan68; MP18290.

  THE STEEL STEALER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37852.

  STEERING COLUMNS & SHIFT LINKAGES (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 7Nov69;
    JP11890.

  STENTOR. Thorne Films. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 552) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20130.

  STEP ASIDE, MOUNTAINS & COMPETITION (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor
    Division. Made by Jam Handy Organization. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12605.

  STICKS AND SCRAPS. See

    SMALL WOOD ASSEMBLAGE.

  STONE AGE AMERICANS. See

    DISCOVERY.

  STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS. Set 1 (Filmstrip)
    Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With kit. Contents: The hummingbird m sound. 38 fr.--Mr. Poppins p
    sound. 38 fr.--Betty, Barbara, and Bubbles b sound. 38 fr.--The
    little clock t sound. 37 fr.--The teeny-weeny raindrop d sound. 39
    fr.--The mysterious n sound; Three little pigs h sound. 45 fr.
    Produced in collaboration with EMC Corp. Author: Louise Binder
    Scott. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 11May70; A160215.

  STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS. Set 2 (Filmstrip)
    Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With kit. Contents: The homeless little puppy w sound. 39
    fr.--Little firefly f sound. 36 fr.--Little Voom v sound. 38
    fr.--Goggles g sound. 37 fr.--Crickety Cricket k sound; Old Jeremy
    and the jeep j sound. 42 fr.--Old gray goose th sound. 38 fr.
    Produced in collaboration with EMC Corp. Author: Louise Binder
    Scott. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 4Jun70; A160214.

  STORM OVER SHILOH. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  THE STORY OF THE FIRST LUNAR LANDING (Filmstrip) Doubleday Multimedia.
    107 fr., color and b&w, 35 mm. With kit. Adapted from script by
    William Hines. © Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 23Mar70 (in notice: 1969);
    JP12176.

  A STORY OF THE TROPICS. Audio Visual Specialties. 1161 feet, color.
    Appl. author: Catherine Sweeney. © Audio Visual Specialties, Inc.;
    1May70; MU8169.

  STORY STARTERS. Educational Direction. Approx. 3 min. each, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Educational Direction, Inc.

    1. Lighthouse/amusement park/airplane. © 16May69; MP20008.

    2. Sailboat/ducks/toy store. © 16May69; MP20009.

    3. Manikins/soapbox racer/storyteller. © 16May69; MP20010.

    4. Haunted house/armor. © 16May69; MP20011.

    5. Cave/Sam/attic. © 16May69; MP20012.

    6. Beach/pet store. © 16May69; MP20013.

    7. Old MacDonald's/house on fire/underwater. © 16May69; MP20014.

    8. Door in woods/balloon. © 16May69; MP20015.

    9. Minibikes/mirrors/barber shop. © 16May69; MP20016.

  THE STRANGE VISITOR. See

    THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

  THE STRANGER. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  STRANGER ON THE RUN. Universal Television. Released by MCA-TV. 106
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by Reginald Rose. ©
    Universal Television (in notice: Universal Television, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc.); 31Oct67; LP37720.

  STRANGER THAN SCIENCE FICTION. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  STRETCHER TRANSPORT. Comprenetics. 16 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Basic
    procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20325.

  THE STRONG BOXES (Filmstrip) Dodge Division. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 82
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 19Mar70; JP12237.

  THE STRONGER. Jeffrey Young. Released by Doubleday & Co. 17 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm, Adapted from the play by August Strindberg. © Jeffrey
    Young; 15Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP37664.

  STUDENT RESOURCES, GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE. See

    [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY]

  SUBJECT-VERB. See

    SENTENCE PATTERNS.

  SUBROUTINE LINKAGE. International Business Machines Corp. 34 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20198.

  SUBROUTINES. Pt. 2-3. International Business Machines Corp. 51 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7090/94 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 10Jul69; MP19979.

  SUBROUTINES. See

    INDEXING, PT. 4 AND SUBROUTINES, PT. 1.

  SUBSTITUTE TEACHER. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  SUBTRACTING MIXED NUMBERS. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 14.

  SUBTRACTION: BORROWING, ZEROS IN SUBTRACTION. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 2.

  SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 1-5. Review Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the
    elementary school, first level series) © Review Educational Films.
    Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20414.

  SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 6 & 7. Review Educational Films. 10 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the
    elementary school, first level series) © Review Educational Films,
    Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20417.

  SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 8 & 9. Review Educational Films. 11 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the
    elementary school, first level series) © Review Educational Films,
    Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20418.

  SUCCESS STORY. See

    THE MONKEES. 6.

  SUCCUBUS. Aquila Film Enterprises. Released by Trans-American Films.
    81 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Trans-American Films; 25Apr69;
    LP37878.

  SUGAR AND THE CANE. Centron Educational Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 11Nov69; MP20019.

  SUICIDE. See

    HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

  SUITCASE. See

    NIGHT WATCH.

  THE SUMMER BROTHERS SMOTHERS SHOW. Smo-Bro Productions. Approx. 60
    min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Smo-Bro Productions, Inc.

    Guests: Barbara Feldon, Lee Hazelwood, Aaron Williams & Freddy. ©
      8Aug68; LP37787.

    Guests: Jerry Stiller & Anne Meara, First Edition, John Hartford. ©
      15Aug68; LP37788.

    Guests: Judy Collins, Grecco & Willard, Hamilton Camp. © 1Aug68;
      LP37786.

    Guests: Lulu, Geezinslaw Brothers. © 5Jul68; LP37784.

    Guests: Nancy Sinatra, Smothers Brothers, Pat Paulsen. © 20Jun68;
      LP37782.

    Guests: Roger Miller, Jennifer Warren, George Carlin. © 18Jul68;
      LP37785.

    Guests: Stiller & Meara, Teddy Neeley, Flip Wilson. © 27Jun68;
      LP37783.

    Guests: The Stonemans, Johnny Cash with the Tennessee Three. ©
      22Aug68; LP37789.

  SUMMER IS FOREVER. See

    CBS CHILDREN'S HOUR.

  A SUMMER TO REMEMBER. American Institute for Foreign Study. Made by
    New England Travel Corp. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in
    association with Trans International Airlines. © New England Travel
    Corp.; 1Dec69; MP20478.

  THE SUN. See

    ASTRONOMY: THE SOLAR SYSTEM AND BEYOND.

  SUN, EARTH, AND MOON. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration
    with William Claiborne, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 9Jan69 (in notice:
    1968); MP19984.

  SUNDAY SCHOOL SHAPING THE 70'S CLINIC (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board
    of the Southern Baptist Convention. 51 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday
    School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention; 17Dec69; JP12180.

  THE SUNSHINE PATRIOT. Universal City Studios, Inc. Released by MCA-TV.
    106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.;
    16Dec68; LP37721.

  THE SUNTAN MOB. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE SUPER FIGHT. Woroner Productions. 70 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Murry Woroner. © Computer Sports, Inc.; 20Jan70;
    MP20255.

  THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES (Filmstrip)
    Addison-Wesley Pub. Co. Made by Resources for Education &
    Management. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Leader's guide, 1 v.
    Contents: 1-5: General problems in supervising the disadvantaged. 53
    fr.--Motivating the disadvantaged. 55 fr.--Resolving interpersonal
    conflicts. 53 fr.--Interviewing the disadvantaged. 57 fr.--Training
    the disadvantaged. 61 fr. Appl. author: Cabot Jaffee. © Resources
    for Education & Management, Inc.; 30Nov69; A128721.

  SURFACE SURF ACES. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37864.

  SURGERY OF THE SENILE CATARACT: INTRACAPSULAR EXTRACTION BY SUCTION,
    TUMBLING AND COUNTERTRACTION. Teaching Films. 15 min., si., color,
    16 mm. (Cataract surgery series) © Teaching Films, Inc.; 9Feb70;
    MU8149.

  SUZIE'S LETTER. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  SWAMP SNAPPER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1966); LP37858.

  SWAMP WATER TAFFY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37869.

  SWANS. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SWEET AND SOURDOUGH. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 25Jun69;
    LP37994.

  SWINGERS ONLY. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  SWITCHES. International Business Machines Corp. 16 min., sd., b&w.
    Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20197.

  SYMMETRY. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program) ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20433.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: GAS (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Community series) Produced in collaboration with
    William P. Gottlieb Co. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69; JP12213.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: GETTING GOODS AND SERVICES (Filmstrip)
    McGraw-Hill Text Films. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Community series)
    Produced in collaboration with William P. Gottlieb Co. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69; JP12216.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: MANUFACTURING (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
    50 fr., color, 35 mm. (Community series) Produced in collaboration
    with William P. Gottlieb Co. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69; JP12214.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: POSTAL (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 48
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Community series) Produced in collaboration with
    William P. Gottlieb Co. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69; JP12215.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: SERVICE WORKERS (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Films/University Films. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. (Community series)
    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69;
    JP12217.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: WATER AND SEWAGE (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Films/University Films. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. (Community series)
    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69;
    JP12218.


                                   T

  TABLE LOOKUP. Pt. 1-2. International Business Machines Corp. 45 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) © International
    Business Machines Corp.; 9Jun69; MP19964.

  TAKE-OFF. Summit Films. Released by United Artists Corp. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation with Pyramid Film Producers. ©
    Summit Films; 1Dec69; MP20085.

  TAKE THE KEY AND LOCK HIM UP. See

    THE OUTSIDER.

  THE TAKER. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  TAKING CARE OF MYSELF (Filmstrip) 215. Educational Innovations. 34
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice:
    Education Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11935.

  TAKING CARE OF PROPERTY. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  TAKING CARE OF THINGS. See

    GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.

  THE TALE OF CUSTARD THE DRAGON. Weston Woods Studios. 8 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. From the poem by Ogden Nash. Appl. author: Morton
    Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Jun65; LP37904.

  TANGENTS. Pomes & Popcorn. 7 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Wil Berg;
    10May70; LP38027.

  TAPE CHARACTERISTICS AND MAIN MEMORY. International Business Machines
    Corp. 32 min., sd., b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) ©
    International Business Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968);
    MP20189.

  TEACH WITH FILMSTRIPS (Filmstrip) Oates Learning Materials. 65 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Artist, Judith Morgan; narrator, Howard Chizek. Appl.
    author: Stanton C. Oates. © Stanton C. Oates d.b.a. Oates Learning
    Materials; 13Aug69; A117877.

  THE TEACHER. See

    SCHOOL WORKERS.

  THE TEACHER AS A SPEAKER (Filmstrip) Colonial Films. 63 fr., color, 35
    mm. With kit. Appl. authors: Colonial Films, Inc. & Martin
    Broadwell. © Colonial Films, Inc.; 15May67; A151137.

  TEACHING BABIES AND TODDLERS (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 47 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Apr70; A142969.

  TEACHING PRESCHOOLERS (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board of the Southern
    Baptist Convention. 20 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday School Board of
    the Southern Baptist Convention; 12Dec69; JP12177.

  TEACHING READING SERIES. See

    READING: DIRECTED LESSONS.

  THE TEENY-WEENY RAINDROP D SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  TELEPHONE. See

    OUR COMMUNITY UTILITIES.

  TELL IT LIKE IT IS. Knapp Shoes. Made by Beacon TV Features. 26 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Knapp Bros. Shoe Manufacturing Corp.; 17Jan69;
    MP18897.

  TELL ME, PLEASE, WHAT'S THAT. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I.

  TELLING TIME. See

    AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

  TEMPO, DYNAMICS, AND TONE COLOR (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    38 fr., color, 35 mm. (Music, unit 7) Planned & written by Dr.
    Stoddard. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District; 1Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12324.

  TERRIBLE TINY TIM. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 18.

  TERROR ISLAND. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  TEXAS FOREST TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 64 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. © Southwest
    Films Associates; 25Mar70; JP12109.

  TEXAS HILL COUNTRY TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 69
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. ©
    Southwest Films Associates; 25Mar70; JP12113.

  TEXAS INDEPENDENCE TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 60
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. ©
    Southwest Films Associates; 25Mar70; JP12110.

  TEXAS LAKES TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 64 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. © Southwest
    Films Associates; 25Mar70; JP12112.

  TEXAS MOUNTAIN TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 64 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. © Southwest
    Films Associates; 25Mar70 (in notice: 1969); JP12108.

  TEXAS PECOS TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 69 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. © Southwest
    Films Associates; 25Mar70 (in notice: 1969); JP12114.

  TEXAS PLAINS TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 64 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. © Southwest
    Films Associates; 25Mar70; JP12107.

  TEXAS TROPICAL TRAIL (Filmstrip) Southwest Films Associates. 57 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Thomas Robert Havins, Jr. © Southwest
    Films Associates; 25Mar70; JP12111.

  THAILAND: THE BEGINNINGS OF PROGRESS. See

    ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES.

  THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH. Palomar Pictures International. Released by
    Columbia Pictures Industries. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From
    Margaret Drabble's novel, The millstone. © Palomar Pictures
    International, Inc.; 18Aug69; LP37911.

  THAT'S WHAT IT IS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES III.

  THERE'S NO PLACE LIKE HOME, WHEN EVERY OTHER PLACE IS CLOSED. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A STORY. Dayton and Montgomery County Public
    Library. Made by Connecticut Films. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Dayton and Montgomery County Public Library; 21Nov69; MP20005.

  THERMO-SPOON. Frank Robinson Advertising. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Frank Robinson a.a.d.o. Frank Robinson Advertising, Inc.; 26Apr70;
    MP20519.

  THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR. King Screen Productions. 21 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co.; 3Jun70; MP20507.

  A THIEF IS A THIEF IS A THIEF. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THIN AIR. Sagittarius Productions. [London] Released by Tigon
    Pictures. 93 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Sagittarius Productions,
    Inc.; 22Jul69; LP37545.

  THE THINGAMABOB HEIST. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THE THINGS I'VE TRIED TO BUY (Filmstrip) Stride. 148 fr., color, 8 mm.
    © Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12287.

  THINK BEFORE YOU PINK. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released
    by United Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Mirisch-Geoffrey-D.F.; 19Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37435.

  THIRD CHOICE. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THIRTY DAYS TO SURVIVAL. Time. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Time,
    Inc.; 22Jun70; LU3596.

  38-23-36. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  THIS ABOVE ALL (Filmstrip) Stride. 52 fr., color, 8 mm. © Stride,
    Inc.; 1May70; JP12298.

  THIS IS THE WAY IT'S GOING TO BE! (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division.
    Made by Jam Handy Organization. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12602.

  THOMAS HARDY. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  THREE BABY CHICKS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES III.

  THREE BRAVE FRIENDS (Filmstrip) Drummer Productions. Made by Joanne
    Shaunessy. 25 fr., color, 35 mm. © Joanne Shaunessy; 28Nov69;
    JP11880.

  THREE CHEERS FOR NEIGHBORS. See

    THE NEIGHBOR GAME.

  THREE WISHES. See

    FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.

  THREE'S A CROWD. Screen Gems. 90 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Screen Gems,
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Dec69; LP37420.

  TIDIE DRIER. Castle Advertising. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Castle
    Advertising, Inc.; 28Oct69; MP20249.

  TIME. See

    BASIC ASTRONOMY.

  THE TIME ERASER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty
    heroes) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 2Aug67;
    LP37832.

  TIME TO DIE. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 6.

  TIME TO RETIRE. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 193.

  THE TIMEKEEPER. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 4Nov66; LP37831.

  TINNING A SOLDERING COPPER. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20106.

  TITRATING. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar Technical
    Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20405.

  TITRATION. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Quantitative
    chemistry laboratory techniques) Appl. authors: John T. Fitch &
    Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 27Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20350.

  TO BE A WOMAN. Billy Budd Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced
    in association with Film Design & Management Corp. © Billy Budd
    Films; 1Dec69; MP20312.

  TO BE IN LOVE. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  TO BUILD AGAIN. American National Red Cross. 15 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © American National Red Cross; 20Mar70; MP20277.

  TO BUILD THE FUTURE. See

    CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.

  TO CATCH A ROARING LION. See

    IT TAKES A THIEF.

  TO DRENCH A SHEEP. Merck & Co. Made by VM Educational Film
    Productions. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Merck & Co., Inc.; 3Feb70
    (in notice: 1969); MP20229.

  TO LEAD USEFUL LIVES. Edinboro State College. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. © Edinboro State College; 18Nov69; MP19999.

  TO LOVE WITH BUFFY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  TOBY. See

    CBS CHILDREN'S HOUR.

  TODDLERS AND INDIANS; or, Young explorers in Peru. Harold Mantell,
    Inc. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Harold Mantell, Inc.; 1Jun67;
    MP20261.

  TOES TELL. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 6 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20388.

  TOGETHERNESS. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 187.

  TOKYO ROSE: TWO WARS LATER. Columbia Broadcasting System. 29 min.,
    sd., b&w. Videotape (2 in.) A presentation of WBBM-TV. © Columbia
    Broadcasting System, Inc.; 10Oct69; MP20086.

  TOM THUMB. See

    FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.

  TOMORROW. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  TOMORROW--TODAY. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  TOO MANY GIRLS. See

    THE MONKEES. 15.

  TOPOLOGY. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program) ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20437.

  THE TORMENTOR. See

    IRONSIDE.

  TOUCH AND TEAR. Frank Robinson Advertising. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. ti.: Touch-n-tear. © Frank Robinson Advertising, Inc.;
    21Nov69; MP20146.

  TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT. BNA. 5 motion pictures (25 min. each) sd.,
    color, 16 mm. A production of Amram Nowak Associates. Contents:
    Management by example.--The man in the mirror.--Fully-functioning
    individual.--The fully-functioning organization.--The
    fully-functioning society. © BNA, Inc.; 20Oct69; MP20152-20156.

  TOWNTAMERS, INC. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 19.

  THE TOY MAN. Terrytoons. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Mighty heroes) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 14Oct66; LP37828.

  [TRAINERS BOOST TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Horlicks Corp. Approx. 30 sec.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Horlicks Corp.

    Is your puppy starving? 9F70-30-6. © 15Jun70; MU8195.

  TRAINING: DR-18. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  TRAINING THE DISADVANTAGED. See

    THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

  THE TRAITOR. See

    THE FBI.

  TRAMCO PRESENTS OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, VOLKSWAGEN FULLY AUTOMATIC
    TRANSMISSION. See

    OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, VOLKSWAGEN FULLY AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

  TRAVEL AND TRADE. See

    LIFE OF A NOMAD PEOPLE.

  TRAVELING IN AND OUT OF OUR CITY (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional
    Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Users' guide, 11 p.
    Contents: The airport. 47 fr.--The railroad station. 51 fr.--The bus
    station. 49 fr.--The harbor. 50 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 11Apr69; A127882.

  TREASURE OF SAN BOSCO REEF. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  TREASURE OF THE TEMPLE. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  THE TREEHOUSE. King Broadcasting Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: King Screen Productions. © King Broadcasting Co.; 11Nov69;
    LP37603.

  TREES: HOW TO KNOW THEM. International Film Bureau. 1 reel, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © William M. Harlow; 30Dec69; MP20283.

  TRESTLE HASSLE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37867.

  TRIAL RUN. Universal City Studios. [Canada] 106 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. © Universal City Studios, Inc.; 17Jan69 (in notice: 1968);
    LP37729.

  TRICHONYMPHA. Thorne Films. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 545) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20125.

  THE TRICKSTER. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 20.

  LE TRICORNE. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) Language Strips. 65 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Based on a story by Alarcon; story adaptations & cartoons by Mary
    Kincaid; French text by Antoine Jobin. Appl. states prev. reg.
    12Jan67, JP10011. NM: French version. © Mary Kincaid d.b.a. Language
    Strips; 18Sep68; JP12193.

  TRIMMING YOUR NAILS. See

    PERSONAL CLEANLINESS.

  TRIPLE BEAM BALANCE. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar
    Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20398.

  THE TROUSSEAU. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 012.

  TRUMAN AND THE ATOMIC BOMB. Learning Corp. of America. 15 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. (The Truman years) Appl. states prev. pub. 1965. NM:
    compilation & additions. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
    29Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP37710.

  TRUMAN AND THE COLD WAR. Learning Corp. of America. 16 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. (The Truman years) Appl. states prev. pub. 1964 & 1965. NM:
    compilation & additions. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
    5Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP37711.

  TRUMAN AND THE KOREAN WAR. Learning Corp. of America. 18 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. (The Truman years) Appl. states prev. pub. 1964 & 1965.
    NM: compilation & additions. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
    11Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP37712.

  TRUMAN AND THE USES OF POWER. Learning Corp. of America. 18 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. (The Truman years) Appl. states prev. pub. 1964 & 1965.
    NM: compilation & additions. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
    29Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP37713.

  TRYPANOSOMA. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 546) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20250.

  THE TUNNEL. See

    THE FBI.

  TUPPERWARE BOLOGNA/CLOCK. See

    [DART INDUSTRIES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  TURN THE OTHER CHEEK. See

    FATHER KNOWS BEST. 182.

  TURNED ROUND TO SEE. Saint Francis Productions. 12 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis Productions;
    1Apr70; LP37885.

  TURU THE TERRIBLE. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  TUTORIAL FILM SERIES. See

    DIRECT ACCESS STORAGE.

    FILE ORGANIZATION METHODS.

  THE 21ST CENTURY. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 30 min. each,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    The air jam. Telecast: Apr. 27, 1969. © 26Apr69; MP20540.

    Art for tomorrow. Telecast: Mar. 30, 1969. © 29Mar69; MP20537.

    Autos and all that traffic. Telecast: Apr. 20, 1969. © 19Apr69;
      MP20539.

    Circle of love. Telecast: Mar. 2, 1969. © 1Mar69; MP20535.

    Eye in the sky. Telecast: Apr. 13, 1969. © 12Apr69; MP20538.

    The first ten months, pt. 1. Telecast: Feb. 16, 1969. © 15Feb69 (in
      notice: 1968); MP20531.

    The first ten months, pt. 2. Telecast: Feb. 23, 1969. © 22Feb69 (in
      notice: 1968); MP20532.

    The sleepwatchers. Telecast: Mar. 9, 1969. © 8Mar69; MP20536.

    Stranger than science fiction. Telecast: Feb. 9, 1969. © 8Feb69 (in
      notice: 1968); MP20530.

    Tomorrow--today. Telecast: Jan. 26, 1969. © 25Jan69; MP20533.

    The wild cell. Telecast: Feb. 2, 1969. © 1Feb69; MP20534.

  THE TWISTED HERITAGE. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  TWO CLEAN HANDS. See

    SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.

  TWO FELLOWS ON AN ISLAND IS A WASTE OF TIME. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  TWO FOUR TWO (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 58 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Dec69; JP11963.

  TWO GENTLEMEN SHARING. American International Productions (England)
    Released by American International Pictures. 112 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Based on the novel by David Stuart Leslie. © American
    International Productions (England) Ltd.; 8Oct69; LP37605.

  TWO TICKETS TO CLASS (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac Motor Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12606.

  TWO TIMES A DAY. See

    SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.

  TWO WITH BACON. Iowa Pork Producers Assn. Made by Film Production
    Unit, Iowa State University. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented
    in cooperation with Iowa Dept. of Agriculture, Marketing Division. ©
    Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
    Technology; 20Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20463.


                                   U

  THE UGLY DUCKLING. See

    THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES.

  UNCLE FINNEY. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  THE UNDEFEATED. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 121 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Panavision. Based on a story by Stanley L. Hough. © Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp.; 4Oct69; LP37506.

  UNDERSTANDING TOPOGRAPHIC MAPS. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Audio
    Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science series) ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 30Jan70; MP20272.

  UNEASY LIES THE NECK THAT WEARS THE NOOSE. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  THE UNEXPLAINED. Lee Mendelson Film Productions. 58 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Lee Mendelson Film Productions, Inc.; 3Apr70; LP37986.

  UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT. See

    EDITING, PT. 1 AND 2, UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, PT. 1.

  UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, PT. 3; I/O CHANNEL STATUS INDICATORS.
    International Business Machines Corp. 50 min., sd., b&w. Videotape
    (1 in.) (1410/7010 programming) © International Business Machines
    Corp.; 9Jun69; MP20219.

  UNPLANNED PARENTHOOD. See

    HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

  AN UNREASONABLE FACSIMILE. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  UNSAFE AND SEINE. Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists. 6 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-Geoffrey D-F; 9Nov66;
    LP35369.

  THE UNSOUND OF MUSIC. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  UP, DOWN AND EVEN. See

    IRONSIDE.

  UP FRONT WITH STEPHEN CRANE. Edinboro State College. 9 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Dept. of English, Edinboro State
    College. © Edinboro State College; 1Mar70; MP20275.

  UP IN THE AIR. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  UPJOHN VANGUARD OF MEDICINE. See

    LUBRICATION IN HEALTHY AND ARTHRITIC JOINTS.

    MYOCARDIAL REVASCULARIZATION: VINEBERG PROCEDURE.

    THE OBSOLETE MENOPAUSE.

    X-RAY, ULTRASOUND AND THERMOGRAPHY IN DIAGNOSIS.

  THE UPPER EXTREMITY: EXTENSOR ASPECT OF THE FOREARM. Teaching Films.
    14 min., color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films,
    Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8138.

  THE UPPER EXTREMITY: FLEXOR OF THE FOREARM. Teaching Films. 13 min.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8139.

  THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE ARM. Teaching Films. 11 min., color, 16 mm.
    (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8133.

  THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE AXILLA. Teaching Films, 9 min., color, 16 mm.
    (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8137.

  THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE HAND. Teaching Films. 14 min. color, 16 mm.
    (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8135.

  THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE PECTORAL REGION. Teaching Films. 9 min.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 19Dec69; MU8140.

  URUGUAY AND PARAGUAY, A STUDY IN CONTRASTS. See

    SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.

  USE OF SIDE RAILS. Comprenetics. 22 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Basic
    procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20319.

  USE YOUR DUPLICATOR (Filmstrip) Oates Learning Materials. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Artist, Harriet D. Wood; narrator, Danny L. McDaniel.
    Appl. author: Stanton C. Oates. © Stanton C. Oates d.b.a. Oates
    Learning Materials; 13Aug69; A117878.

  USING A COLD CHISEL TO MAKE A CUT OUT. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal
    series: Hand tool operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with
    Raybar Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec69; MP20099.

  USING A COMPASS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program)
    © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20438.

  USING LOCKING PLIERS. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20092.

  USING NATURAL RESOURCES (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With teaching guide, 15
    p. Contents: Water essential to life, water cycle. 62 fr.--Water
    uses, conservation. 68 fr.--Soils, their formation and content. 65
    fr.--Soils, types, management, conservation. 62 fr.--The metallic
    and non-metallic minerals. 70 fr.--The mineral fuels. 62 fr. ©
    Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 9Jan66; A140582.

  USING STANDARD UNITS. See

    MEASURING THINGS.

  USING THE ELECTRIC DRILL. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series:
    Hand tool operations, set 1) Produced in collaboration with Raybar
    Technical Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20095.

  USING THE MICROSCOPE (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 37 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Photographed by John W. Sulcoski. © Pace Films, Inc.; 21Mar69;
    JP12105.

  USING THE MICROSCOPE (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 37 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Photographed by John W. Sulcoski. Appl. ti.: Care and use of the
    microscope, 302. © Pace Films, Inc.; 21Mar69; JP12221.

  USING THE RULES OF THE ROAD. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  USING THE SYSTEM, A SUMMARY. See

    BLACK POLITICAL POWER.


                                   V

  V-8 POWER. Massey-Ferguson. Made by Jam Handy Productions, div. of
    T.T.P. Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Massey-Ferguson, Inc.;
    4Dec69; MU8131.

  VOR & VOR/DME APPROACHES. See

    INSTRUMENT APPROACHES.

  VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL JOINT SERVICE 1970 (Filmstrip) Broadman Films.
    31 fr., color, 35 mm. NM: additions. © Broadman Films; 1Oct69;
    A121898.

  VAGRANCY IS JUST LOITERING THAT TAKES A LITTLE LONGER. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  THE VALENTINE. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  VALLEY OF THE DEAD. See

    THE LONE RANGER. 5.

  VALUE RATED USED CAR MERCHANDISING. Oldsmobile Division. Made by Jam
    Handy Organization. 28 min., color, 16 mm. © Oldsmobile Division,
    General Motors Corp.; 11Dec69; MU8145.

  VALVE MECHANISM AND THE 2-STROKE CYCLE. See

    AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN.

  VANGUARD TV-3: SATELLITE LAUNCHING FAILURE. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (The 8 mm. documents project, no. 301) NM:
    compilation & revision. © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20223.

  VEGETABLES AND FRUITS. See

    AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.

  VENEREAL DISEASE. See

    HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

  VERDI, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 42 fr.; pt. 2, 50 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 1Nov67; JP12253.

  VERY RICH WOMAN. See

    ROSIE.

  VICE: DR-30. See

    DRAGNET 1969.

  LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT (Life, love, death) Films Ariane & P.E.A.
    [France] Released by Productions Artistes Associes & Films 13; in
    the U.S. by Lopert Pictures Corp. 115 min., sd., color, 35 mm. ©
    Films Ariane, S.A.; 29Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LF56.

  VILLAGE LIFE IN JAPAN. See

    OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.

  THE VIRGIN SOLDIERS. Columbia (British) Productions & Open Road Films.
    Released by Columbia Pictures Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From
    the novel by Leslie Thomas. An Open Road Films, Ltd./Highroad
    presentation. © Columbia (British) Productions, Ltd.; 1Feb70 (in
    notice: 1969); LP37501.

  THE VIRGINIAN. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 80
    min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Universal City Studios, Inc.

    Eileen. © 5Mar69; LP37539.

    Fox, hound, and the Widow McCloud. © 2Apr69; LP37542.

    The girl in the shadows. © 26Mar69; LP37541.

    Incident at Diablo Crossing. © 12Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP37535.

    The land dreamer. © 4Apr69; LP37543.

    The ordeal. © 19Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37534.

    The price of love. © 12Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP37533.

    Storm over Shiloh. © 19Mar69; LP37540.

    The stranger. © 9Sep69; LP37544.

  VISION (Filmstrip) Edwin Shapiro. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. © Edwin
    Shapiro; 17Oct69; A128868.

  VISITORS AND VISITING. See

    RULES AND PLANS.

  VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY (Filmstrip)
    Look/Listen & Learn, subsidiary of Audio Visual International Corp.
    Distributed by International Book Corp. 16 filmstrips in 10 rolls,
    color, 35 mm. With guide. Contents: The valentine. 32 fr.--The gift
    of the Magi. 27 fr.--Ah love, ah me. 52 fr.--Four moods of love: To
    be in love. 21 fr.--Barbara Allen. 13 fr.--When I was one and
    twenty. 10 fr.--She walks in beauty. 12 fr.--The knives. 65
    fr.--Epicac. 51 fr.--A father. 29 fr.--The prodigal son. 36 fr.--The
    revolt of mother. 57 fr.--The contest. 51 fr.--Somebody's son. 24
    fr.--Black boy. 63 fr.--My pioneer parents. 57 fr. Produced in
    cooperation with Joshua Tree Productions, Inc. Appl. author:
    Educreative Systems, Inc. © Look/Listen & Learn, Inc. (in notice:
    Look/Listen & Learn, a subsidiary of Audio Visual International
    Corp.); 24Nov69; JP11877.

  VITAL STAINING. Thorne Films. 2 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 564) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20137.

  VOICE AND DICTION. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  VOICE PRODUCTION. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  VOICES OF TOMORROW. Stanford Research Institute. 31 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Stanford Research Institute; 5Aug69; MP19991.

  VOLUME. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Macmillan school mathematics program) ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20441.

  VOLVOX. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The Protozoans,
    no. 544) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20124.

  VORTICELLA. Thorne Films. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (The
    Protozoans, no. 554) © Thorne Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20252.


                                   W

  THE WACKIEST SHIP IN THE ARMY. Joseph M. Schenck Enterprises. Released
    by Screen Gems. Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Based upon
    a story by Herbert Carlson. © Screen Gems, Inc.

    No.

    16. The lamb who hunted wolves, pt. 2 © 9Jan66; LP36786.

  WACO. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  WAGNER, A STORY IN PICTURES (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips
    (pt. 1, 55 fr.; pt. 2, 44 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Biographies of great
    composers) Created by Nick Rossi & Jerald Saladana. © Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12260.

  A WALK IN THE SPRING RAIN. Columbia Pictures Industries. 100 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by Rachel Maddux.
    © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 1Apr70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP37908.

  A WALK WITH LOVE AND DEATH. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 90 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel by Hans Koningsberger. ©
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 1Oct69; LP37417.

  WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR. Walt Disney Productions.
    Approx. 60 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with NBC-TV
    Network. © Walt Disney Productions.

    1968-69.

    Boomerang, dog of many talents, pt. 1. Telecast: Sept. 22, 1968. ©
      6Sep68; LP37383.

    Boomerang, dog of many talents, pt. 2. Telecast: Sept. 29, 1968. ©
      13Sep68; LP37384.

    Brimstone, the Amish horse. Telecast: Oct. 27, 1968. Based on a
      story by Larry Lansburgh. © 11Oct68; LP37372.

    The legend of the boy and the eagle. Telecast: Sept. 15, 1968. ©
      30Aug68 (in notice: 1967); LP37504.

    The Mickey Mouse anniversary show. Telecast: Dec. 22, 1968. Appl.
      ti.: The Mickey Mouse 40th anniversary show. © 6Dec68; LP37371.

    Nature's better built homes. Telecast: Mar. 2, 1969. © 14Feb69;
      LP37375.

    The owl that didn't give a hoot. Telecast: Dec. 15, 1968. Based on
      the book, The world of the great homed owl, by G. Ronald Austing &
      John B. Holt, Jr. © 29Nov68; LP37374.

    Pacifically peeking. Telecast: Oct. 6, 1968. © 20Sep68; LP37385.

    Pancho, fastest paw in the West. Telecast: Feb. 2, 1969. Based on
      the book, Pancho, a dog of the plains, by Bruce Grant. © 17Jan69;
      LP37373.

    Ride a northbound horse, pt. 1. Telecast: Mar. 16, 1969. Based on
      the book by Richard Wormser. © 28Feb69; LP37378.

    Ride a northbound horse, pt. 2. Telecast: Mar. 23, 1969. Based on
      the book by Richard Wormser. © 7Mar69; LP37379.

    The secret of Boyne Castle, pt. 1. Telecast: Feb. 9, 1969. Based on
      Guns in the heather, by Lockhart Amerman. © 24Jan69; LP37380.

    The secret of Boyne Castle, pt. 2. Telecast: Feb. 16, 1969. Based on
      Guns in the heather, by Lockhart Amerman. © 31Jan69; LP37381.

    The secret of Boyne Castle, pt. 3. Telecast: Feb. 23, 1969. Based on
      Guns in the heather, by Lockhart Amerman. © 7Feb69; LP37382.

    Solomon, the sea turtle. Telecast: Jan. 5, 1969. Based on the book
      The windward road, by Archie Carr. © 20Dec68 (in notice: 1969);
      LP37718.

    The treasure of San Bosco reef, pt. 1. Telecast: Nov. 24, 1968. ©
      8Nov68; LP37386.

    The treasure of San Bosco reef, pt. 2. Telecast: Dec. 1, 1968. ©
      15Nov68; LP37387.

  A WALTZ FROM VIENNA. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  WASHING YOUR HAIR. See

    PERSONAL CLEANLINESS.

  WASHING YOUR HANDS AND FACE. See

    PERSONAL CLEANLINESS.

  WATCH ME INDOORS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES IV.

  WATCH THE BUTTERFLY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Possible
    Possum) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 8Jul68 (in
    notice: 1965); LP37860.

  WATCH YOUR LINE (Filmstrip) Stride. 135 fr., color, 8 mm. © Stride,
    Inc.; 1May70; JP12292.

  WATER. See

    OUR COMMUNITY UTILITIES.

  WATER ESSENTIAL TO LIFE, WATER CYCLE. See

    USING NATURAL RESOURCES.

  WATER USES, CONSERVATION. See

    USING NATURAL RESOURCES.

  WATER, WATER, EVERYWHERE. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.

  WATERMELON MAN. Johanna Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Industries. 97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 1May70; LP37955.

  THE WAY IT IS. Adelphi University, School of Social Work. 45 min.,
    b&w, 8 mm. Appl. author: Paul Pitcoff. © Adelphi University School
    of Social Work; 30Apr70; MU8165.

  WEATHER. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  WEEKEND. See

    [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

  WEIGHING 1, BALANCE CONSTRUCTION AND WEIGHING AN OBJECT. Kalmia Co. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Quantitative chemistry laboratory
    techniques) Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia
    Co.; 27Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20351.

  WEIGHING 2, WEIGHING OUT SUBSTANCES. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Quantitative chemistry laboratory techniques) Appl.
    authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 27Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20352.

  WEREWOLF OF THE TIMBERLAND. See

    JONNY QUEST.

  THE WEST OF CHARLES RUSSELL. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Project XX) © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.;
    15Dec69 (in notice: 1970); MP20230.

  WEST TEXAS, 1870. West Texas Co. Made by Dept. of Cinema, University
    of Southern California. 55 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Alan Eugene Gadney. © West Texas Co.; 28Feb70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP20288.

  WET MOUNT TECHNIQUES: POND WATER (Filmstrip) Pace Films. 31 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Photographed by John W. Sulcoski, written by William
    J. Murray. © Pace Films, Inc.; 21Mar69; JP12106.

  THE WHACKY WORLD OF NUMBERS. Stephen Bosustow Productions. Released by
    Columbia Pictures Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Adapted from the
    book by Sheldon Wasserman. © Stephen Bosustow Productions; 1Jun69
    (in notice: 1968); LP37503.

  WHAT CAN YOU SEE. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.

  WHAT DO YOU SAY. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES II.

  WHAT DO YOU SAY TO A NAKED LADY? Allen Funt Productions. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Allen Funt
    Productions, Inc.; 18Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP37899.

  WHAT GROWS ON THE FARM. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  WHAT IF? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 3 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20386.

  WHAT IS A --? (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teaching guide, 10 p. Contents: What
    is a living thing? 34 fr.--What is an animal? 32 fr.--What is a
    plant? 32 fr.--What is a fossil? 24 fr. © Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment, Inc.; 15Jan66; A140580.

  WHAT IS A BIRTHDAY CHILD. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I.

  WHAT IS A FAMILY. See

    LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.

  WHAT IS AN INSECT. See

    ABOUT INSECTS.

  WHAT IS IT. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  WHAT IS 1-5? Review Educational Films. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the elementary school, first
    level series) © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20412.

  WHAT IS 6, 7, 8, & 9? Review Educational Films. 11 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the elementary
    school, first level series) © Review Educational Films, Inc.;
    1Sep69; MP20415.

  WHAT IS 10? Review Educational Films. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. (Films on mathematics for the elementary school, first
    level series) © Review Educational Films, Inc.; 1Sep69; MP20419.

  WHAT MAKES A PONTIAC A PONTIAC! (Filmstrip) Pontiac Motor Division.
    Made by Jam Handy Organization. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. © Pontiac
    Motor Division, General Motors Corp.; 24Jun70; JU12607.

  WHAT'S FUN. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.

  WHAT'S HAPPENING? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    31Oct69; MP20380.

  WHAT'S YOUR NAME. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  WHEEL ON THE CHIMNEY. Weston Woods Studios. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    From the book by Margaret Wise Brown & Tibor Gergely. Appl. author:
    Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 15Aug69; LP37641.

  WHEELCHAIR TRANSPORT. Comprenetics. 20 min., sd., color, 8 mm. (Basic
    procedures for the paramedical employee) © Comprenetics, Inc.;
    10Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20326.

  WHEELS OF FORTUNE. Montgomery Community College. 12 min., sd., b&w,
    Super 8 mm. Appl. author: Montgomery Community College, employer for
    hire of Polly Bryan. © Montgomery Community College; 11May70;
    MU8189.

  WHEN I WAS ONE AND TWENTY. See

    VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

  WHEN YOU WISH UPON A CAR. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  WHERE IS WHIFFEN. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I.

  WHERE IT'S AT! Volkswagen of America. Made by Marathon International
    Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Volkswagen of America;
    16Apr70; MP20397.

  WHERE THE GOSPEL SPEAKS CHINESE (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Produced with Foreign Mission Board.
    © Broadman Films; 1Apr70; A142975.

  WHILE TRYING TO WIN THE WEST, HE LOST THE EAST. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  WHISTLE FOR WILLIE. Weston Woods Studios. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
    15Dec65; LP37906.

  WHISTLING IN THE DARK (Filmstrip) Stride. 182 fr., color, 8 mm. ©
    Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12297.

  THE WHITE BIRCH. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  WHO AM I TALKING TO. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 009.

  WHO CARES? THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE APPLIANCES CARE. Whirlpool Corp. Made
    by Jam Handy Productions. 38 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Whirlpool
    Corp.; 15May70; MU8194.

  WHO KILLED LAKE ERIE? National Broadcasting Co., 59 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 10Sep69; MP19995.

  WHO LIVES IN THE ZOO. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  WHO LIVES ON THE FARM. See

    LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.

  WHO'S DRAGON. See

    LUNO.

  WHO'S HOLDING THE BAG. See

    THE QUEEN AND I. 007.

  WHO'S NEXT? Volkswagen of America. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Volkswagen of America, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20505.

  WHOSE SHOES? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 3 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 31Oct69;
    MP20379.

  WHY DO WE NEED LIMITS? (Filmstrip) Mathematical Sciences Group. 80
    fr., color, 35 mm. Graphics & audio by Filmedia Studios, Inc. Appl.
    author: Les A. Karlovitz. © Mathematical Sciences Group, Inc.;
    1Dec69; JP11922.

  WHY THE SHOW MUST GO ON. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  WHY THE TUESDAY AFTERNOON BRIDGE CLUB MET ON THURSDAY. See

    IRONSIDE.

  WIDE SADDLES IN THE OLD CORRAL. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  THE WILD CELL. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  WILD RIVER. National Geographic Society. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in association with Metromedia Producers Corp. © National
    Geographic Society; 5Feb70; MP20268.

  WILDERNESS CALLING. Aaro Films. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Aaro
    Films, Inc.; 14Oct69; MP20307.

  WILDLIFE: FISHES. See

    RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW.

  WILDLIFE: LAND ANIMALS AND BIRDS. See

    RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW.

  WILL THE REAL ROBIN HOOD PLEASE FALL OUT OF A TREE. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  WILLIAM SHAKESPEARE. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  WIN WITH THE STARS. Walter Schwimmer, division of Bing Crosby
    Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color. Videotape. © Walter
    Schwimmer, division of Bing Crosby Productions, Inc.

    Show no.

    642. © 16Mar70; MU8197.

  WIN WITH THE STARS. Walter Schwimmer, Inc. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color. Videotape. © Walter Schwimmer, Inc.

    Show no.

    614. © 16Mar70; MU8198.

  WIND IT UP AND IT BETRAYS YOU. See

    THE FBI.

  WIND NOISE & AIR LEAKS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 81 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service conference,
    session no.70-1) © Chrysler Corp.; 2Apr70; JP12246.

  THE WINDOW. See

    THE FBI.

  WINDOW ON THE WORLD (Filmstrip) Stride. 171 fr., color, 8 mm. ©
    Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12294.

  WINDWARD ROAD. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  WINGS IN THE GRAND CANYON. Martin Moyer Productions. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer
    Productions; 19Feb70; MP20220.

  WINNING. Newman-Foreman Co. Released by Universal Pictures. 125 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Universal Pictures & Newman-Foreman
    Co., Inc.; 14Jun69; LP37947.

  WINSTON S. CHURCHILL. See

    GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

  WINTER SUNDAY. Alden McLellan IV. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm, © Alden
    McLellan IV; 1Sep69; LP37490.

  WIRING EDGES. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Sheet metal series: Hand tool
    operations, set 2) Produced in collaboration with Raybar Technical
    Films. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Dec68; MP20111.

  THE WITCHMAKER. Las Cruces Productions. Released by Excelsior
    Distributing Co. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. A Las
    Cruces-Arrow production. © Las Cruces Productions; 2Apr69 (in
    notice: 1968); LP37370.

  WITNESS. Saint Francis Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Christian encounter series) A Teleketics presentation. © Saint
    Francis Productions; 1Sep69; MP20373.

  WITNESS. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.

  THE WOMANLY ART. Montgomery Community College. 16 min. © Montgomery
    Community College; 22Apr70; MU8176.

  WOMEN IN BROADCASTING. See

    [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

  WOMEN IN LOVE. Brandywine Production London. Released in the U.S. by
    United Artists Corp. 129 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by
    D. H. Lawrence. © Brandywine Productions, Ltd.; 13Nov69; LF61

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF SOUND (Filmstrip) Oates Learning Materials. 42
    fr., color, 35 mm. Artist, Judith Morgan; narrator, Dave Wingert.
    Appl. author: Stanton C. Oates. Appl. ti.: Wonder world or sound. ©
    Stanton C. Oates d.b.a. Oates Learning Materials; 13Aug69; A117876.

  WOODWORKING: PORTABLE POWER TOOLS. Group 1 (Filmstrip) Society for
    Visual Education. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide
    and reading script, 2 v. Contents: A638-1--A638-2: Sawing, drilling
    and smoothing. 61 fr.--Sanding and shaping. 49 fr. Produced in
    cooperation with Instructional Dynamics. Technical advisor: Coleman
    Hewitt. © Society for Visual Education; 20Mar70; A147988.

  WORK OF THE WIND AND RUNNING WATER. John Wiley & Sons. Made by Audio
    Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Earth science series) ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 30Jan70; MP20273.

  WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES. Group 1 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide and
    reading script, 4 v. Contents: A201-1--A201-4: Old Sturbridge and
    Mystic seaport, historic communities. 49 fr.--Douglas, Wyoming,
    ranch community. 56 fr.--Rockland, Maine, coastal community. 45
    fr.--Flagstaff, Arizona, service community. 52 fr. Author: Paul
    Meyer; photographers: Paul Meyer & Harold Hungerford. © Society for
    Visual Education, Inc.; 23Apr70; A147987.

  WORKING WITH GLASS TUBING. Raybar Technical Films. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Produced by McGraw-Hill Text-Films. © Raybar
    Technical Films, Inc.; 1Apr69; MP20409.

  WORKING WITH OTHERS. See

    GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.

  WORKOUT. Saint Francis Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis Productions; 1Sep69;
    LP37884.

  WORLD GEOGRAPHY. See

    SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.

  WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES. Group 2 (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co.
    4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 603-1--603-4: The age of
    Chaucer. 54 fr.--The Elizabethans. 56 fr.--Eighteenth-century
    England. 51 fr.--The industrial revolution. 52 fr.
    Author-photographer, Tyler Wasson. © Imperial Film Co., Inc.;
    3Mar70; JP12001, 12004-12002.

  THE WORLD OF FOOD (Filmstrip) 214. Educational Innovations. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Innovations, Inc. (in notice: Education
    Innovations, Inc.); 1Aug69; JP11934.

  WORLD OF JACKALS. See

    IRONSIDE.

  THE WORLD OF MAN. Fisher-Collyer Associates. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Industries. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 1Jun69; LP37502.

  WORLD OF THE GREAT HORNED OWL. See

    WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

  WORLD OF WORK SERIES. See

    JOBS FOR WOMEN: WHERE ARE YOU GOING, VIRGINIA.

  WORLD STREETS AND AVENUES. Computer Image Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: John Rugg. © Computer Image Corp.; 29Dec69;
    MU8152.

  [WORLD WAR I ARMISTICE TO LYNDON JOHNSON] See

    OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE.

  A WRATH OF ANGELS. See

    THE NAME OF THE GAME.


                                   X

  X-RAY, ULTRASOUND AND THERMOGRAPHY IN DIAGNOSIS. Upjohn Co. 22 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (The Upjohn vanguard of medicine) © Upjohn Co.;
    29Sep69; LP37495.


                                   Y

  THE YEAR OF THE MAYORS. National Broadcasting Co. 59 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. (NBC white paper) © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 22Dec69;
    MP20231.

  A YELLOW STREAK AIN'T NECESSARILY FROM MUSTARD. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  YEVTUSHENKO: A POET'S JOURNEY. Harold Mantell, Inc. 29 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Harold Mantell, Inc.; 1Sep69: MP20260.

  YORITOMO, FIRST SHOGUN OF JAPAN. See

    EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.

  YOU AND THE COMPUTER. General Electric Co. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © General Electric Co.; 1Oct69; MP19996.

  YOU AS A DRIVER. See

    (DRIVER EDUCATION KIT)

  YOU CAN GET THERE FROM HERE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 79 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 12Mar70; JP12241.

  YOU CAN LEAD A HORSE TO WATER, BUT HE'LL GO BY HIMSELF TO SCOTCH. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  YOU CAN'T GET THERE FROM HERE. See

    MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

  YOU CAN'T GROW A GREEN PLANT IN A CLOSET. Roy Nolan. 54 min., b&w. ©
    Roy Nolan; 27Apr70; MU8167.

  YOU CAN'T WIN 'EM ALL. S.R.O. Co. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    97 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © S.R.O. Co., Inc.; 1Jul70: LP38029.

  YOU NEED A PLAN TO WIN (Filmstrip) Stride. 95 fr., color, 8 mm. ©
    Stride, Inc.; 1May70; JP12293.

  YOUNG ARTISTS OF THE WORLD (Filmstrip) Jam Handy School Service. 10
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 1-10: Pictures by Belgian youth.
    35 fr.--Pictures by Chinese youth. Appl. ti.: Pictures by Chinese
    youth, Taiwan. 33 fr.--Pictures by English youth. 35 fr.--Pictures
    by Greek youth. 35 fr.--Pictures by Iranian youth. 32 fr.--Pictures
    by Irish youth. 32 fr,--Pictures by Pakistani youth. 31
    fr.--Pictures by Polish youth. 32 fr.--Pictures by Swiss youth. 25
    fr.--Pictures by Turkish youth. 34 fr. © Jam Handy School Service,
    Inc.; 13Aug69; JP12043.

  YOUNG EXPLORERS IN PERU. See

    TODDLERS AND INDIANS.

  YOUNG MAN FROM BOLIVIA. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  THE YOUNG WARRIORS. See

    THE FBI.

  YOUR FRIEND, JODY. See

    FAMILY AFFAIR.

  YOUR FRIENDLY NEIGHBORHOOD KIDNAPPERS. See

    THE MONKEES. 4.

  YOUR LAND AND MINE. See

    PROGRAMMED READING.

  YOUR NOT SO IMPOSSIBLE DREAM (Filmstrip) Stride. 121 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Stride, Inc.; 9Nov69 (in notice: 1970); JP12030.

  YOUR RESPONSIBILITY AS A DRIVER. See

    [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]

  YOU'RE IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT. Oldsmobile Division. Made by D. P.
    Brother & Co. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © General Motors Corp.,
    Oldsmobile Division; 8May70; MU8187.

  YOUTH SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK IN THE 70'S (Filmstrip) Sunday School Board
    of the Southern Baptist Convention. 16 fr., color, 35 mm. © Sunday
    School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention; 17Dec69; JP12179

  YUGOSLAVIA: THE LAND AND THE PEOPLE. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20165.

  YVONNE BRATHWAITE, BLACK AND WHITE TOGETHER. See

    BLACK POLITICAL POWER.


                                   Z

  ZAVALA. See

    GUNSMOKE.

  ZERMATT. Trans World International. 27 min., color, 16 mm. (The Killy
    style) © Trans World International, Inc.; 8Jan70; MU8143.

  ZEROS IN MULTIPLICATION. See

    ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES. 5.

  ZIG ZAG. Freeman-Enders. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 105 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 24Mar70;
    LP37792.

  ZODIAC XII. Disc-O-Lite Corp. 30 sec., si., color, 16 mm. Loop film.
    Appl. authors: Selden Levy & others. © Disc-O-Lite Corp., Inc.;
    26Nov69; MP20052.

  ZONED ADDRESS. International Business Machines Corp. 18 min., sd.,
    b&w. Videotape (1 in.) (7080 programming) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 16Jun69 (in notice: 1968); MP20195.

  THE ZOO. See

    GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

  A.S.C.A.P. See

    SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. Series 21, 1942/43. 8.

  ABOUT FACE, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. © 11May42;
    L11277. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476334.

  ABOVE SUSPICION, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 21May43; L12090.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22May70; R485026.

  ADVENTURES OF MARTIN EDEN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 18Feb42; L11066. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    15Jan70; R476462.

  ADVENTURES OF THE NEWSREEL CAMERAMAN. See

    ALONG THE TEXAS RANGE.

    GUARDIANS OF THE SEA.

  A-HAUNTING WE WILL GO, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 7Aug42; L11773. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478807.

  AIR RAID WARDEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    & Walter Lantz Productions. © 12Jan43; M13332. Universal Pictures,
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 9Feb70; R478852.

  AIR RAID WARDENS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew's. © 17Mar43; L11931.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar70; R480798.

  ALIAS BOSTON BLACKIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 10Mar42; L11117. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Feb70; R479830.

  ALL WORK AND NO PAY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 8Jul42; L11579. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun70;
    R486163.

  ALONG THE TEXAS RANGE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Adventures of the newsreel cameraman) ©
    9Oct42; M15400. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70;
    R478824.

  THE AMAZING MRS. HOLLIDAY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 24Feb43; L11882. © Universal Pictures, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480397.

  AMBUSHED AMBULANCE. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 5.

  ARABIAN NIGHTS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    29Dec42; L11786. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476707.

  ASSIGNMENT IN BRITTANY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 9Mar43;
    L11930. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar70; R480800.

  ATLANTIC CONVOY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    8Jun42; L11393. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May70;
    R484625.

  THE AVENGERS, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 2Nov42;
    L11839. Paramount Pictures Corp. (PWH); 10Feb70; R478444.

  THE AVENGING RIDER, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    31Dec42; L11799. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480069.


                                   B

  BACK TO BIKES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 30Dec42; M14848. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478837.

  BAH WILDERNESS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 12Feb43; L11890.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Feb70; R479071.

  BARNEY BEAR'S VICTORY GARDEN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    5Jan43; L11800. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70; R475916.

  BARNYARD BLACKOUT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 5Mar43;
    M14677. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar70; R480745.

  BARNYARD W A A C, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 18Dec42;
    M13973. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 22Dec69; R476073.

  BATAAN, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. © 25May43; L12096.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28May70; R485760.

  BENJAMIN FRANKLIN, JR., a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 28Jan43;
    L11862. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Jan70; R478585.

  BERLIN CORRESPONDENT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 11Sep42; L11673. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478801.

  BEWARE, THE VIGILANTES. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 4.

  THE BLACK SWAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 4Dec42; L11987. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478815.

  THE BLOCKED TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    3Mar43; L11900. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487420.

  BOMBARDIER, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 16May43;
    L12248. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486272.

  BORRAH MINEVITCH AND HIS HARMONICA SCHOOL, a motion picture in 1 reel
    by Warner Bros. Pictures. © 25Jan43; M13216. United Artists
    Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70; R480266.

  A BOTTLE FOR A BOTTLE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    29May42; M12867. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481344.

  THE BOY AND THE WOLF, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 29Apr43;
    L12114. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 1May70; R483556.

  BRIEF INTERVAL, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Jan43; L11790.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R477965.

  BROOKLYN ORCHID, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. ©
    2Apr42; L11189. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476332.

  THE BULLDOG AND THE BABY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    24Jul42; L11699. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun70;
    R486162.

  BULLETS FOR BANDITS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 12Feb42; L11230. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    15Jan70; R476470.

  BURNING BOMBER. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 12.


                                   C

  CABIN IN THE SKY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 9Feb43; L11861.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Feb70; R479072.

  CACTUS MAKES PERFECT, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 18Feb42; L11064. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    15Jan70; R476460.

  CALABOOSE, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. © 24Sept42;
    L11877. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476338.

  CALLING ALL KIDS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr43; L12011.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr70; R482800.

  CANAL ZONE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    10Mar42; L11118. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70;
    R479831.

  CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2
    reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    1. Mysterious pilot. © 15Feb42; L11071. 15Jan70; R476464.

    2. The stolen range finder. © 22Feb42; L11072. 15Jan70; R476465.

    3. The captured plane. © 1Mar42; L11104. 20Feb70; R479827.

    4. Mistaken identity. © 3Mar42; L11097. 20Feb70; R479826.

    5. Ambushed ambulance. © 15Mar42; L11478. 20Feb70; R479841.

    6. Weird waters. © 22Mar42; L11492. 20Feb70; R479842.

    7. Menacing fates. © 29Mar42; L11221. 20Feb70; R479837.

    8. Shells of evil. © 5Apr42; L11222. 23Mar70; R481148.

    9. The drop to doom. © 12Apr42; L11223. 23Mar70; R481149.

    10. The hidden bomb. © 19Apr42; L11552. 23Mar70; R481153.

    11. Sky terror. © 26Apr42; L11303. 23Mar70; R481151.

    12. Burning bomber. © 3May42; L11304. 30Mar70; R481330.

    13. Death in the cockpit. © 8May42; L11305. 30Mar70; R481331.

    14. Scourge of revenge. © 15May42; L11306. 30Mar70; R481332.

    15. The fatal hour. © 21May42; L11307. 30Mar70; R481333.

  THE CAPTURED PLANE. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 3.

  CAREFUL, SOFT SHOULDER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 18Sep42; L11988. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478816.

  CARNIVAL IN BRAZIL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 6Mar42; M12254. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475455.

  CARSON CITY CYCLONE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    23Mar43; L12004. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487424.

  CASABLANCA, a photoplay in 11 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    23Jan43; L11818. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R479239.

  CASTLE IN THE DESERT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 27Feb42; L11240. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475961.

  CAT PEOPLE, a photoplay in 73 min. by RKO Radio Pictures. © 1Jan43;
    L11814. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480071.

  CHINA, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 19Mar43;
    L12082. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    6Apr70; R484152.

  CHINA GIRL, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 3Dec42; L11770. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478804.

  CINDERELLA GOES TO A PARTY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    22May42; L11705. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481341.

  CINDERELLA SWINGS IT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Pyramid Pictures Corp.
    © 22Jan43; L11805. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 28Jan70; R478446.

  COAL BLACK AND DE SEBBEN DWARFS, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Vitaphone Corp. © 1Feb43; M13223. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 18Feb70; R479245.

  COLLEGE CHAMPIONS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (The world of sports) © 12Feb42; M12217. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70; R476473.

  COLUMBIA QUIZ REEL. See

    SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW MUSIC.

  COLUMBIA TOURS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 5, no.

    4. Great American divide. © 12Feb42; M12198. 15Jan70; R476472.

  COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 6, no.

    7. © 22Feb42; M13424. 15Jan70; R476474.

    8. Rose O'Day. © 27Mar42; M13425. 20Feb70; R478967.

    9. Deep in the heart of Texas. © 30Apr42; M13068. 23Mar70; R481156.

    10. Walk without you, baby. © 2Jun42; M12534. 19May70; R484632.

  CONCERTO IN B FLAT MINOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    20Mar42; L11165. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70;
    R479835.

  COURAGEOUS AUSTRALIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (The World today) © 5Jun42; M15434. Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478826.

  COW-COW BOOGIE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
    Walter Lantz Productions. © 2Feb43; M13844. Universal Pictures,
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 9Mar70; R480410.

  THE CRYSTAL BALL, a photoplay in 8 reels by United Artists
    Productions. © 6Dec42; L11875. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH);
    28May70; R485576.


                                   D

  DEAD MAN'S GULCH, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    25Jan43; L11892. Repix, Inc,, a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487417.

  DEATH IN THE COCKPIT. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 13.

  DEEP IN THE HEART OF TEXAS. See

    COMMUNITY SING. Series 6, no. 9.

  DESERT WONDERLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 1Aug42;
    M12757. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478829.

  DESIGNED BY FANNIE HURST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 31Dec42; M13210. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476712.

  A DESPERATE CHANCE FOR ELLERY QUEEN, a photoplay in 7 reels by
    Columbia Pictures Corp. © 10Apr42; L11217. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70; R481147.

  DEVIL WITH HITLER, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. ©
    6Aug42; L11520. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476336.

  THE DEVIL'S TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    7Apr42; L11190. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70;
    R481143.

  DIXIE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 24Jun43;
    L12571. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    29Jun70; R487125.

  DIXIE DUGAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 13Nov42; L11986. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478814.

  DR. GILLESPIE'S CRIMINAL CASE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. ©
    6May43; L12074. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8May70; R484070.

  DR. RENAULT'S SECRET, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 11Dec42; L11846. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478809.

  DOG-HOUSE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Jun43; L12135.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Jun70; R486246.

  DOG MEETS DOG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 12Mar42;
    L11226. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70; R479838.

  DON WILSON. See

    SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. Series 21, 1941/42. 10.

  DON WINSLOW OF THE COAST GUARD, a series of photoplays by Universal
    Pictures Co. 2 reels each. © Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    4. The scorpion strikes. © 29Jan43; L11823. 9Feb70; R478843.

    5. A flaming target. © 29Jan43; L11824. 9Feb70; R478842.

    6. Ramming the submarine. © 29Jan43; L11825. 9Feb70; R478841.

  DOWN RIO GRANDE WAY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 25Mar42; L11159. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Feb70; R479834.

  DROP TO DOOM. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 9.

  DU BARRY WAS A LADY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. © 6May43;
    L12072. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8May70; R484069.

  DUDES ARE PRETTY PEOPLE, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios.
    © 20Apr42; L11244. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476333.

  DUMB-HOUNDED, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 17Mar43; L12041.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Mar70; R480799.

  DUTCH GUIANA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (The World today) © 2Jan42; M12252. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475977.


                                   E

  ED THORGERSEN'S SPORTS REVIEW. See

    NEPTUNE'S DAUGHTERS.

    WELL-ROWED HARVARD.

    WHEN WINTER CALLS.

  EGG CRACKER SUITE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 10Mar43; M13406. Universal
    Pictures, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 20Apr70;
    R484158.

  EVERGREEN PLAYLAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 30Jan42; M15919. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475978.


                                   F

  FALA, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 6Apr43; L12012.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Apr70; R482129.

  THE FALCON STRIKES BACK, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures.
    © 7May43; L12153. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486270.

  FALL IN, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. © 2Oct42;
    L11936. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476339.

  FALL OUT, FALL IN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. A
    Walt Disney Donald Duck production. © 30Mar43; L12063. Walt Disney
    Productions (PWH); 10Apr70; R482997.

  FAMILY TROUBLES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 1Apr43; L12040.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Apr70; R482528.

  FARM HANDS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 23Jun43; L12136.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Jun70; R486477.

  THE FATAL HOUR. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 15.

  THE FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 19Jan43; L11893. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70;
    R487419.

  THE FIGHTING ENGINEERS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 18Jan43; L11780. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    18Feb70; R479237.

  FIGHTING FRONTIER, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    6Dec42; L11736. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480066.

  THE FIGHTING SPIRIT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 13Nov42; M13023. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH);
    26Jun70; R486732.

  FIRST AID, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 30Dec42; L11761.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475908.

  FIT TO FIGHT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports, no. 79) © 22May42; M12532. 30Mar70; R481342.

  FIVE GRAVES TO CAIRO, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    3May43; L12111. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 29Jun70; R487124.

  A FLAMING TARGET. See

    DON WINSLOW OF THE COAST GUARD. Chap. no. 5.

  FLIGHT FOR FREEDOM, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    2Apr43; L12112. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486268.

  FLIGHT LIEUTENANT, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    28Jun42; L11453. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May70;
    R484629.

  FLYING FORTRESS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    12Dec42; L11844. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R479242.

  THE FLYING JALOPY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    4Jan43; L11888. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 16Mar70; R480896.

  FLYING TIGERS, a photoplay in 12 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    8Oct42; L11620. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479739.

  FLYING WITH MUSIC, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. ©
    6Aug42; L11506. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476335.

  FOOTLIGHT SERENADE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 1Aug42; L11847. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478810.

  FRANKENSTEIN MEETS THE WOLF MAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 31Dec42; L11965. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476711.


                                   G

  G-MEN VS. THE BLACK DRAGON, a series of photoplays by Republic
    Productions. 1 reel each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Repix, Inc., a wholly
    owned subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap.

    1-5. © 16Jan43; L11842. 29Jun70; R487416.

    6-10. © 16Jan43; L11894. 29Jun70; R487418.

    11-15. © 16Jan43; L11946, 29Jun70; R487422.

  GATEWAY TO ASIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 8May42;
    M12490. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478827.

  GAY RIO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 20Nov42; M13302.
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478832.

  A GENTLEMAN AT HEART, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 16Jan42; L11298. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475962.

  GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT HERE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 28Nov42; L12094. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    11Dec69; R477857.

  GILDERSLEEVE'S BAD DAY, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures.
    © 4Jun43; L12108. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486266.

  GIRL TROUBLE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 9Oct42; L11949. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478812.

  GLEN GRAY AND HIS CASA LOMA ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Warner Bros. Pictures. © 20Nov42; M13042. United Artists Television,
    Inc. (PWH); 11Dec69; R477856.

  GLOVE BIRDS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    2Feb42; L11065. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70;
    R476461.

  THE GORILLA MAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures. ©
    16Jan43; L11829. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R479240.

  THE GRAIN THAT BUILT A HEMISPHERE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt
    Disney Productions. © 28Jan43; M13739. Walt Disney Productions
    (PWH); 16Mar70; R480899.

  GREAT AMERICAN DIVIDE. See

    COLUMBIA TOURS. Series 5, no. 4.

  THE GREAT GILDERSLEEVE, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures.
    © 15Jan43; L11809. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480070.

  GROOM AND BORED, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp, ©
    3Apr42; L11181. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70;
    R481142.

  GUARDIANS OF THE SEA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Adventures of the newsreel cameraman) ©
    17Jul42; M12758. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70;
    R478830.


                                   H

  HANDS OF VICTORY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    22May42; M12514. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475459.

  HANDS OF WOMEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    11Dec42; M13143. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70;
    R486735.

  HAPPY GO LUCKY, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    2Jan43; L11969. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 12Jan70; R477861.

  THE HARE BRAINED HYPNOTIST, a motion pictures in 1 reel by Vitaphone
    Corp. © 20Nov42; M13040. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    11Dec69; R477855.

  HARRIGAN'S KID, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 10Mar43; L11932.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar70; R480801.

  HE DOOD IT AGAIN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 5Feb43;
    M14671. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R479593.

  HE HIRED THE BOSS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 18Dec42; L12042. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478790.

  HEALTH FOR DEFENSE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Film Institute.
    (Panoramics, series 1) © 3Mar42; M12869. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70; R478965.

  HEART OF MEXICO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 22May42;
    M12580. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478828.

  HEAVENLY MUSIC, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. © 21Apr43; L11997.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 23Apr70; R483048.

  HEDDA HOPPER'S HOLLYWOOD, a series of motion pictures by Paramount
    Pictures. 1 reel each. © National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    No.

    Z 1-4. © 19Jun42; M12599. 5Jan70; R475462.

    5. © 14Aug42; M12771. 26Jun70; R486726.

    6. © 18Sep42; M12870. 26Jun70; R486729.

  HELLO ANNAPOLIS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    9Apr42; L11195. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70;
    R481144.

  HENRY ALDRICH GETS GLAMOUR, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 9Apr43; L11973. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487127.

  HERE AT HOME, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 21May43; L12078.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Jun70; R486247.

  HERO WORSHIP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    15May42; M12487. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475458.

  HE'S MY GUY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures. © 15Mar43;
    L11917. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 20Apr70; R484154.

  HI BUDDY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 4Jan43;
    L11784. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Jan70; R477865.

  HI 'YA CHUM, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    21Dec42; L11826. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476710.

  HIDDEN BOMB. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. No. 10.

  HIT PARADE OF 1943, a photoplay in 9 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    16Mar43; L11947. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487423.

  HIT TUNE JAMBOREE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    14Dec42; L11743. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476705.

  HITLER'S CHILDREN, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    22Jan43; L11908. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480072.

  HOLLYWOOD DAREDEVILS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 18Mar43;
    M13361. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Mar70; R481403.

  HORTON HATCHES THE EGG, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
    © 31Oct49 (in notice: 1942); M4646. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 11Dec69; R477852.

  HOW SPRY I AM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    20Mar42; L11228. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70;
    R479839.

  HOW'S ABOUT IT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    3Feb43; L11838. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480396.

  HUB OF THE WORLD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 13Mar42; M12300. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475972.

  THE HUMAN COMEDY, a photoplay in 12 reels by Loew's. © 10Mar43;
    L11934. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 11Mar7O; R480802.

  HUNGRY INDIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    11Feb43; M13268. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480400.


                                   I

  I MARRIED A WITCH, a photoplay in 8 reels by United Artists
    Productions. © 10Dec42; L11768. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH);
    28May70; R485575.

  I WALKED WITH A ZOMBIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures.
    © 6Mar43; L11897. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486264.

  ICE-CAPADES REVUE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    20Dec42; L11758. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479743.

  ICELAND, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
    2Oct42; L11948. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70;
    R478811.

  IMMORTAL SERGEANT, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 9Dec42; L12167. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478796.

  IN WHICH WE SERVE, a photoplay in 12 reels by United Artists Corp. ©
    25Dec42: L11878. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 28May70; R485577.

  INCA GOLD, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr43; L11996.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr70; R482799.

  INDIA THE GOLDEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 19Jun42;
    M12759. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478831.

  INTO THE TRAP. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 9.

  IT AIN'T HAY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures. © 25Mar43;
    L11935. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 20Apr70; R484155.

  IT HAPPENED IN FLATBUSH, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 5May42; L11356. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478782.

  IT'S A GREAT LIFE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    27May43; L12070. King Features Syndicate, a division of Hearst Corp.
    (PWH); 1Jun70; R485702.


                                   J

  JASPER AND THE WATERMELONS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 6Feb42; M13306. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 5Jan70; R475450.

  JEWEL OF THE PACIFIC, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 27Mar42; M15920. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475979.

  JIMMY STEWART. See

    SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. Series 21, 1941/42. 7.

  JOHNNY DOUGHBOY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    31Dec42; L11840. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479747.

  JOHNNY "SCAT" DAVIS AND HIS ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 6Nov42; M13039. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70; R486733.

  JOURNEY INTO FEAR, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    12Feb43; L11909. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480073.

  JUST OFF BROADWAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 25Sep42; L11644. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478800.


                                   K

  KEEP 'EM GROWING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 28May43;
    M13971. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 1Jun70; R485582.

  KEEP 'EM GROWING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 28May43;
    M14827. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 1Jun70; R485583.

  KEEP 'EM SLUGGING, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    5Jan43; L11827. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R477866.

  KEEPING IN SHAPE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    12Jun42; L11389. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475453.

  KEEPING IN SHAPE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    12Jun42; L11389. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 16Jan70; R477197.

  THE KITCHEN QUIZ, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    No.

    3. © 12Feb42; M12197. 15Jan70; R476471.


                                   L

  LADIES' DAY, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 1Jan43;
    L11954. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480075.

  LADY BODYGUARD, a photoplay in 7 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    3Jan43; L11913. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 12Jan70; R477860.

  LAND OF ORIZABA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 30Dec42;
    M13175. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475911.

  LAND WHERE TIME STOOD STILL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 2Apr42; M14891. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475981.

  THE LAST LESSON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 30Dec42; L11755.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475907.

  THE LAST ROUND-UP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    14May43; M14676. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 18May70; R484623.

  LAWLESS PLAINSMEN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    12Mar42; L11238. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70;
    R479840.

  THE LEOPARD MAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    19May43; L12246. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486271.

  LET 'EM GO ALIVE! A motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    15Jul42; M12702. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70;
    R4186725.

  LET HUEY DO IT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    8Feb43; M13309. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480401.

  LEW LEHR'S DRIBBLE PUSS PARADE. See

    MONKEY DOODLE DANDIES.

  LIFE BEGINS AT EIGHT-THIRTY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 25Dec42; L11806. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478808.

  LITTLE CLAYTON FARMFRONT WONDER, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Universal Pictures Co. © 23Mar43; M13397. Universal Pictures,
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 20Apr70; R484157.

  LITTLE TOKYO, U.S.A., a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 14Aug42; L12024. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478818.

  LONDON BLACKOUT MURDERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 22Dec42; L11794. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70;
    R479745.

  THE LONESOME MOUSE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 21May43;
    L12073. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22May70; R485025.

  THE LOVES OF EDGAR ALLAN POE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 28Aug42; L11848. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478817.

  LOWELL THOMAS' MAGIC CARPET OF MOVIETONE. See

    DESERT WONDERLAND.

    GATEWAY TO ASIA.

    GAY RIO.

    HEART OF MEXICO.

    INDIA THE GOLDEN.

    ROYAL ARABY.

    VALLEY OF BLOSSOMS.

    A WEDDING IN BIKANER.

  LUCKY JORDAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 26Feb43;
    L11914. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    9Mar70; R480413.

  LURE OF THE SURF, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    20Feb42; M12199. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475454.


                                   M

  THE MCFARLAND TWINS AND THEIR ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 28Aug42; M12807. National Telefilm Associates.
    Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70; R486728.

  THE MCGUERINS FROM BROOKLYN, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach
    Studios. © 29Sep42; L11876. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70;
    R476337.

  THE MAD MARTINDALES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 15May42; L11339. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478780.

  THE MAGNIFICENT DOPE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 12Jun42; L11476. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478785.

  THE MAN IN THE TRUNK, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 23Oct42; L11674. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478802.

  THE MAN WHO WOULDN'T DIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 1May42; L11281. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478778.

  MANILA CALLING, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 16Oct42; L12083. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478792.

  THE MAN'S ANGLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    14Aug42; L11522. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 16Jan70; R477198.

  MARINES IN THE MAKING, a motion picture by Loew's. © 5Jan43; M13211.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70; R475913.

  THE MASKED MOUNTIE. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 5.

  MATRI-PHONY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    2Jul42; L11549. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun70;
    R486164.

  THE MEANEST MAN IN THE WORLD, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 11Sep42; L12084. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478793.

  MEET THE STEWARTS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    27May42; L11329. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481335.

  MEMORIES OF AUSTRALIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    15Jun43; M13760. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Jun70; R486248.

  MEN FOR THE FLEET, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 16Jan42; M15443. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475980.

  MEN OF WEST POINT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (The World today) © 3Jul42; M422. Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478825.

  MENACING FATES. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 7.

  MEXICAN POLICE ON PARADE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    9Feb43; M13279. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Feb70; R479073.

  MIGHTY NIAGARA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Jan43;
    M13213. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R477966.

  MISTAKEN IDENTITY. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 4.

  MR. LUCKY, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. © 28May43;
    L12109. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486267.

  MONKEY DOODLE DANDIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Lew Lehr's dribble puss parade) © 11Dec42;
    M13299. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478836.

  MOONTIDE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    © 29May42; L11336. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70;
    R478779.

  MOTHER OF PRESIDENTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 10Feb43; M13266. Universal Pictures, division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480398.

  MOUNTAIN RHYTHM, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    8Jan43; L11792. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487414.

  MOVIETONE'S ALASKAN ADVENTURES. See

    OUR LAST FRONTIER.

  MY FAVORITE DUCK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    18Jan43; M13197. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R479243.

  MY GAL SAL, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 8May42; L11381. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478783.

  MY HEART BELONGS TO DADDY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 12Feb43; L11879. © Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480412.

  MYSTERIOUS PILOT. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 1.


                                   N

  NAZTY NUISANCE, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. © 9Dec42;
    L12324. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476330.

  NEPTUNE'S DAUGHTERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen's sports review) © 20Nov42;
    M15410. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478820.

  NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1
    reel each. © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc. (PWH)

    v. 14.

    206. © 2Oct42; M12976. 14Jan70; R478074.

    207. © 7Oct42; M13002. 14Jan70; R478075.

    208. © 9Oct42; M13003. 14Jan70; R478076.

    209. © 14Oct42; M13004. 14Jan70; R478077.

    210. © 16Oct42; M13005. 14Jan70; R478078.

    211. © 21Oct42; M13021. 14Jan70; R478079.

    212. © 23Oct42; M13022. 14Jan70; R478080.

    213. © 28Oct42; M13044. 14Jan70; R478081.

    214. © 30Oct42; M13045. 14Jan70; R478082.

    215. © 4Nov42; M13046. 14Jan70; R478083.

    216. © 6Nov42; M13062. 14Jan70; R478084.

    217. © 11Nov42; M13063. 14Jan70; R478085.

    218. © 13Nov42; M13110. 14Jan70; R478086.

    219. © 18Nov42; M13111. 14Jan70; R478087.

    220. © 20Nov42; M13132. 14Jan70; R478088.

    221. © 25Nov42; M13161. 14Jan70; R478089.

    222. © 27Nov42; M13162. 14Jan70; R478090.

    223. © 2Dec42; M13165. 14Jan70; R478091.

    224. © 4Dec42; M13166. 14Jan70; R478092.

    225. © 9Dec42; M13167. 14Jan70; R478093.

    226. © 11Dec42; M13168. 14Jan70; R478094.

    227. © 16Dec42; M13180. 14Jan70; R478095.

    228. © 18Dec42; M13181. 14Jan70; R478096.

    229, © 23Dec42; M13204. 14Jan70; R478097.

    230. © 25Dec42; M13205. 14Jan70; R478098.

    231. © 30Dec42; M13219. 14Jan70; R478099.

    232. © 1Jan43; M13220. 9Apr70; R482235.

    233. © 6Jan43; M13238. 9Apr70; R482236.

    234. © 8Jan43; M13239. 9Apr70; R482237.

    235. © 13Jan43; M13247. 9Apr70; R482238.

    236. © 15Jan43; M13248. 9Apr70; R482239.

    237. © 20Jan43; M13277. 9Apr70; R482240.

    238. © 22Jan43; M13278. 9Apr70; R482241.

    239. © 27Jan43; M13295. 9Apr70; R482242.

    240. © 29Jan43; M13296. 9Apr70; R482243.

    241. © 3Feb43; M13307. 9Apr70; R482244.

    242. © 5Feb43; M13308. 9Apr70; R482245.

    243. © 10Feb43; M13320. 9Apr70; R432246

    244. © 12Feb43; M13321. 9Apr70; R482247.

    245. © 17Feb43; M13359. 9Apr70; R482248.

    246. © 19Feb43; M13360. 9Apr70; R482249.

    247. © 24Feb43; M13413. 9Apr70; R482250.

    248. © 26Feb43; M13414. 9Apr70; R482251.

    249. © 3Mar43; M13415. 9Apr70; R482252.

    250. © 5Mar43; M13416. 9Apr70; R482253.

    251. © 10Mar43; M13430. 9Apr70; R482254.

    252. © 12Mar43; M13431. 9Apr70; R482255.

    253. © 17Mar43; M13451. 9Apr70; R482256.

    254. © 19Mar43; M13452. 9Apr70; R482257.

    255. © 24Mar43; M13496. 9Apr70; R482258.

    256. © 26Mar43; M13497. 9Apr70; R482259.

    257. © 31Mar43; M13498. 9Apr70; R482260.

  THE NIGHT BEFORE THE DIVORCE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 6Mar42; L11175. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475963.

  NIGHT PLANE FROM CHUNGKING, a photoplay in 7 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 4Jan43; L12081. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 12Jan70; R477858.

  THE NIGHT RAIDERS. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 2.

  NORTH OF THE ROCKIES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 2Apr42; L11229. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    23Mar70; R481150.

  NOT A LADIES' MAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    10May42; L11275. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481327.


                                   O

  OLAF LAUGHS LAST, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    26May42; L11324. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481334.

  ORCHESTRA WIVES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 4Sep42; L11643. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478799.

  OUR LAST FRONTIER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Movietone's Alaskan adventures) © 11Sep42; M15401.
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478823.

  OUTLAWS OF PINE RIDGE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions,
    © 27Oct42; L11756. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479741.

  OVER MY DEAD BODY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 4Dec42; L12025. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478789.

  THE OX-BOW INCIDENT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 19Nov42; L12907. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478797.


                                   P

  THE PACIFIC FRONTIER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 20Jun42; L11402. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 11Dec69;
    R477853.

  PANDORA'S BOX, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 11Jun43;
    M14904. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486159.

  PANORAMICS. See

    HEALTH FOR DEFENSE.

    SPARE TIME IN THE ARMY.

  PARACHUTE ATHLETES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 19Jun42; M12598. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475461.

  PARACHUTE NURSE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    27May42; L11331. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481337.

  PATRIOTIC POOCHES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 9Apr43;
    L12895. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 13Apr70; R483214.

  PEOPLE OF RUSSIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 2Jan43;
    M13212. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70; R475914.

  PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED, a series of photoplays by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 2 reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    1. The totem talks. © 25May42; L11444. 30Mar70; R481338.

    2. The night raiders. © 27May42; L11445. 30Mar70; R481339.

    3. The water god's revenge. © 27May42; L11446. 30Mar70; R481340.

    4. Beware, the vigilantes. © 15Jun42; L11447. 19May70; R484626.

    5. The masked mountie. © 19Jun42; L11448. 19May70; R484627.

    6. Underwater gold. © 22Jun42; L11449. 19May70; R484628.

    9. Into the trap. © 13Jul42; L11500. 11Jun70; R486165.

  PERSONALITY! PLUS! A motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    17Apr42; M12412. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475457.

  THE PIED PIPER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 21Aug42; L12949. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478787.

  PILOT NO. 5, a photoplay in 7 reels by Loew's. © 1Apr43; L11995.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Apr70; R482529.

  PITTSBURGH, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    8Dec42; L11720. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476704.

  PLAN FOR DESTRUCTION, a photoplay in 2 reels by Loew's. © 2Mar43;
    L11891. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar70; R480257.

  PORTRAIT OF A GENIUS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 25Jan43;
    L11864. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan70; R477962.

  THE POSTMAN DIDN'T RING, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 3Jul42; L11475. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478784.

  PRAIRIE CHICKENS, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. ©
    13Oct42; L11937. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476340.

  PRESENTING LILY MARS, a photoplay in 11 reels by Loew's. © 6May43;
    L12080. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8May70; R484072.

  PRIVATE PLUTO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    1Feb43; L11950. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 16Mar70; R480897.

  THE PURPLE V, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    12Mar43; L12019. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487425.


                                   Q

  QUIET, PLEASE, MURDER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 15Dec42; L12221. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478798.


                                   R

  RAMMING THE SUBMARINE. See

    DON WINSLOW OF THE COAST GUARD. Chap. no. 6.

  THE RAVEN, a photoplay in 2 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 3Apr42;
    L11191. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70; R475451.

  RED HOT RIDING HOOD, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 6May43;
    L12071. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8May70; R484068.

  RIDERS OF THE NORTHLAND, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 18Jun42; L11458. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19May70; R484630.

  RIGHT TO THE HEART, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 23Jan42: L11119. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70: R475965.

  RINGS ON HER FINGERS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 20Mar42; L11174. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475964.

  ROAR, NAVY, ROAR, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    22Dec42; L11788. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476709.

  ROMANTIC NEVADA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr43;
    M13495. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr70; R482801.

  ROSE O'DAY. See

    COMMUNITY SING. Series 6, no. 8.

  ROXIE HART, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    © 20Feb42; L11111. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70;
    R475966.

  ROYAL ARABY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 23Oct42; M13303.
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478833.


                                   S

  SAGEBRUSH LAW, a photoplay in 56 min. by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    13Dec42; L11737. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480068.

  SAPPY BIRTHDAY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    5Feb42; L11083. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70;
    R476467.

  SCATTERGOOD RIDES HIGH, a photoplay in 7 reels by Pyramid Pictures
    Corp. © 8May42; L11355. Raymond Rohauer (PWH); 10Mar70; R480447.

  SCENIC OREGON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 17Jun43;
    M13759. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Jun70; R486990.

  THE SCORPION STRIKES. See

    DON WINSLOW OF THE COAST GUARD. Chap. no. 4.

  SCOURGE OF REVENGE. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 14.

  SCRAP FOR VICTORY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    22Jan43; M14672. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan70; R477722.

  SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH) Series
    21, 1941/42.

    7. Jimmy Stewart. © 6Mar42; M13131. 20Feb70; R478966.

    8. A.S.C.A.P. © 6Apr42; M12345. 23Mar70; R481154.

    9. © 8May42; M12533. 30Mar70; R481343.

    10. Don Wilson. © 19Jun42; M12872. 19May70; R484634.

  THE SCREWBALL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
    Walter Lantz Productions. © 3Feb43; M13845. Universal Pictures,
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 9Mar70; R480411.

  SECRET AGENT OF JAPAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 3Apr42; L11258. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    2Jan70; R475967.

  SECRET OF THE FJORD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 13Feb42; M12302. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475974.

  SECRETS OF THE UNDERGROUND, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 18Dec42; L11796. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70;
    R479746.

  SETTING THE PACE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 24Apr42; M12491. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475976.

  SEVEN DAYS' LEAVE, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    13Nov42; L11724. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70; R480067.

  SEVEN MILES FROM ALCATRAZ, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio
    Pictures. © 1Jan43; L11912. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 2Mar70;
    R480074.

  SHADOW OF A DOUBT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    31Dec42; L11785. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476706.

  SHELLS OF EVIL. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 8.

  SHE'S A-1 IN THE NAVY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 2Mar43; M13317. Universal Pictures, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 20Apr70; R484156.

  SHIPYARD SYMPHONY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 9Mar43;
    M14674. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH): 11Mar70; R480744.

  SHUT MY BIG MOUTH, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    18Feb42; L11067. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70;
    R476463.

  SILVER QUEEN, a photoplay in 8 reels by United Artists Productions. ©
    29Dec42; L11760. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 28May70; R485574.

  SIX HITS AND A MISS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner Bros.
    Pictures. © 9Nov42; M13007. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    11Dec69; R477854.

  THE SKY PRINCESS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    27Mar42; L11201. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70;
    R475452.

  SKY SCIENCE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13May43; L12077.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18May70; R484749.

  SKY TERROR. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 11.

  SLIGHTLY DANGEROUS, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 25Feb43;
    L11889. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479661.

  SNOW TRAILS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 27Feb42; M12301. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    2Jan70; R475973.

  SNOWLAND SENTINELS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 19Nov42; M14820. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 9Feb70; R478840.

  SO PROUDLY WE HAIL, a photoplay in 13 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    22Jun43; L12582. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 29Jun70; R487126.

  SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW MUSIC, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. (A Columbia quiz reel, series 2, no. 2) © 13Mar42;
    M12263. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70; R478964.

  SOMEWHERE IN THE PACIFIC, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    8Jan43; M14675. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 23Jan70; R477723.

  SONG OF THE ISLANDS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 13Mar42; L11537. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475971.

  SPARE TIME IN THE ARMY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (Panoramics, 1st series) © 12Feb42; L11096. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70; R476469.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS, a series of photoplays by Paramount Pictures. 1
    reel each. © National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    At the dog show. © 28Aug42; L11580. 26Jun70; R486723.

    In South America. © 25Sep42; L11648. 26Jun70; R486724.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS AND THEIR FAMILIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 18Dec42; M13179. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70; R486736.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE CIRCUS, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 29May42; M12535. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70; R475460.

  SPINACH FER BRITAIN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    22Jan43; L11807. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R479238.

  SPORTS I.Q., a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    9Oct42; M12941. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70;
    R486730.

  SPRINGTIME IN THE ROCKIES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 6Nov42; L12043. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478791.

  SQUADRON LEADER X, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio British
    Productions. © 21May43; L12113. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70;
    R486269.

  THE SQUAWKIN' HAWK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp. ©
    18Dec42; M3248. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R480267.

  STAR SPANGLED RHYTHM, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    29Dec42; L11867. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 12Jan70; R477859.

  STEELHEAD FIGHTERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 15Dec42; M14849. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478838.

  THE STOLEN RANGE FINDER. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 2.

  A STUDY IN SOCKS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    11May42; L11279. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481329.

  SUBMARINE RAIDER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    14May42; L11330. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 30Mar70;
    R481336.

  SUFFERIN' CATS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 25Jan43; L11863.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Jan70; R477961.

  SUNDOWN JIM, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 27Mar42; L11242. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    2Jan70; R475968.

  THE SUNDOWN KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    22Dec42; L11757. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479742.

  SUPER MOUSE IN PANDORA'S BOX, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    11Jun43; L12896. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486158.

  SWEETHEART OF THE FLEET, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 10May42; L11276. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    30Mar70; R481328.

  SWING SHIFT MAISIE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's, Inc. © 6May43;
    L12079. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 8May70; R484071.

  SWING THAT BAND, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    11Mar43; L11916. Universal Pictures, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 20Apr70; R484153.

  SWINGTIME BLUES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Dec42; L11787. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 19Jan70; R476708.


                                   T

  TAHITI HONEY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    23Mar43; L11945. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487421.

  TALES OF MANHATTAN, a photoplay in 12 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 30Oct42; L12023. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478788.

  THE TALK OF THE TOWN, a photoplay in 12 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 22Jul42; L11797. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    11Jun70; R486160.

  TAXI MISTER, a photoplay in 5 reels by Hal Roach Studios. © 9Sep42;
    L11967. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476341.

  TEN GENTLEMEN FROM WEST POINT, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 26Jun42; L11772. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478806.

  TENNESSEE JOHNSON, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 15Dec42;
    L11802. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70; R475912.

  TENNIS RHYTHM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports, no. 10) © 26Jun42; M12868. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19May70; R484633.

  THAT OTHER WOMAN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 13Nov42; L11771. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478805.

  THAT'S WHY I LEFT YOU, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 8Jun43;
    L12134. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9Jun70; R486009.

  THEY ALL KISSED THE BRIDE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 9Jun42; L11392. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19May70; R484624.

  THEY GOT ME COVERED, a photoplay in 10 reels by Samuel Goldwyn. ©
    31Dec42; L11963. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PCW); 16Mar70; R480725.

  THEY GOT ME COVERED, a photoplay in 10 reels by Samuel Goldwyn. ©
    31Dec42; L11963. Samuel Goldwyn Productions (PWH); 16Mar70; R480726.

  THIS ABOVE ALL, a photoplay in 12 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 24Jul42; L11718. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478803.

  THIS LAND IS MINE, a photoplay in 10 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    5Apr43; L11952. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 15Jun70; R486265.

  THREE HEARTS FOR JULIA, a photoplay In 9 reels by Loew's. © 5Jan43;
    L11801. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Jan70; R475915.

  THREE SMART SAPS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    28Jul42; L11548. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun70;
    R486166.

  THRU DIFFERENT EYES, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 19Jun42; L12994. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478786.

  THUNDER BIRDS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 20Nov42; L12146. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478795.

  THUNDERING TRAILS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    11Jan43; L11841. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 29Jun70; R487415.

  TIMBER ATHLETES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    11Sep42; M13304. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 26Jun70;
    R486737.

  TIME TO KILL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 3Dec42; L12085. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478794.

  TIMING IS EVERYTHING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 20Mar42; M12322. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 5Jan70; R475456.

  TIREMAN, SPARE MY TIRES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 4Jun42; L11578. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19May70; R484631.

  TO THE SHORES OF TRIPOLI, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 10Apr42; L11289. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 2Jan70; R475970.

  THE TOTEM TALKS. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 1.

  THE TRAITOR WITHIN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    16Dec42; L11793. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479744.

  TRAMP, TRAMP, TRAMP, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 10Mar42; L11116. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Feb70; R479829.

  TWO YANKS IN TRINIDAD, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 5Mar42; L11109. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Feb70; R479828.


                                   U

  UNDER THE SHEDDING CHESTNUT TREE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen
    Gems. © 2Feb42; L11073. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    15Jan70; R476466.

  UNDERWATER GOLD. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 6.

  THE UNDYING MONSTER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 27Nov42; L11985. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478813.

  THE UNITED STATES NAVY BAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Warner
    Bros. Pictures. © 25Jan43; M13217. United Artists Television, Inc.
    (PWH); 18Feb70; R479244.

  UNITED WE STAND, a motion picture in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. 10Jul42; M15411. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    4Feb70; R478819.

  UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH)

  v. 15.

    141. © 1Dec42; M13262. 19Jan70; R476713.

    142. © 3Dec42; M13263. 19Jan70; R476714.

    143. © 8Dec42; M13264. 19Jan70; R476715.

    144. © 10Dec42; M13265. 19Jan70; R476716.

    145. © 15Dec42; M13328. 19Jan70; R476717.

    146. © 17Dec42; M13329. 19Jan70; R476718.

    147. © 22Dec42; M13330. 19Jan70; R476719.

    148. © 24Dec42; M13331. 19Jan70; R476720.

    149. © 29Dec42; M13353. 19Jan70; R476721.

    150. © 31Dec42; M13354. 19Jan70; R476722.

    151. © 5Jan43; M13355. 9Feb70; R478847.

    152. © 7Jan43; M13356. 9Feb70; R478846.

    153. © 12Jan43; M13357. 9Feb70; R478845.

    154. © 14Jan43; M13358. 9Feb70; R478844.

  v. 16.

    155. © 19Jan43; M13554. 9Feb70; R478848.

    156. © 21Jan43; M13555. 9Feb70; R478849.

    157. © 26Jan43; M13556. 9Feb70; R478850.

    158. © 28Jan43; M13557. 9Feb70; R478851.

    159. © 2Feb43; M13558. 9Mar70; R480402.

    160. © 4Feb43; M13559. 9Mar70; R480403.

    161. © 9Feb43; M13560. 9Mar70; R480404.

    162. © 11Feb43; M13561. 9Mar70; R480405.

    163. © 16Feb43; M13562. 9Mar70; R480406.

    164. © 18Feb43; M13563. 9Mar70; R480407.

    165. © 23Feb43; M13564. 9Mar70; R480408.

    166. © 25Feb43; M13565. 9Mar70; R480409.

    167. © 2Mar43; M13567. 20Apr70; R484159.

    168. © 4Mar43; M13568. 20Apr70; R484160.

    169. © 9Mar43; M13569. 20Apr70; R48416l.

    170. © 11Mar43; M13570. 20Apr70; R484162.

    171. © 16Mar43; M13571. 20Apr70; R484163.

    172. © 18Mar43; M13572. 20Apr70; R484164.

    173. © 23Mar43; M13593. 20Apr70; R484165.

    174. © 25Mar43; M13594. 20Apr70; R484166.

    175. © 30Mar43 M13595. 20Apr70; R484167.

  UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS, a series of motion pictures by Paramount
    Pictures. 1 reel each. © National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    L 1-4. © 15Apr42; M12762. 5Jan70; R475464.

    L 1-5. © 26Jun42; M12649. 5Jan70; R475463.

    L 1-6. © 26Aug42; M12793. 26Jun70; R486727.

    L 2-1. © 9Oct42; M12949. 26Jun70; R486731.

    L 2-2. © 4Dec42; M13130. 26Jun70; R486734.


                                   V

  VALLEY OF BLOSSOMS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) ©
    25Sep42; M15403. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70;
    R478821.

  VALLEY OF HUNTED MEN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 13Nov42; L11733. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479740.


                                   W

  WACKY WIGWAMS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 22Feb42;
    L11084. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 15Jan70; R476468.

  WALK WITHOUT YOU, BABY. See

    COMMUNITY SING. Series 6, no. 10.

  WATER: FRIEND OR ENEMY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 6Apr43; M13620. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    13May70; R484685.

  THE WATER GOD'S REVENGE. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 3.

  A WEDDING IN BIKANER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) ©
    28Aug42; M13298. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70;
    R478834.

  WEIRD WATERS. See

    CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. Chap. no. 6.

  WELL-ROWED HARVARD, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen's sports review) © 14Aug42;
    M13301. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478835.

  WHAT MAKES LIZZY DIZZY? A photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 12Mar42; L11168. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    20Feb70; R479836.

  WHAT'S THE MATADOR? A photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 9Mar42: L11123. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70;
    R479832.

  WHEN WINTER CALLS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen's sports review) © 25Dec42; M15402.
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 4Feb70; R478822.

  WHISPERING GHOSTS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 22May42; L11340. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 4Feb70; R478781.

  WHO IS HOPE SCHUYLER? A photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 17Apr42; L11241. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475969.

  WHO KILLED WHO? A photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 17Jun43; L12143.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 22Jun70; R486991.

  THE WIFE TAKES A FLYER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 17Apr42; L11216. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    23Mar70; R481146.

  THE WILD AND WOOZY WEST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    16Apr42; L11207. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70;
    R481145.

  WILD HORSES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 7Apr43; M13494.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9Apr70; R482128.

  THE WINGED SCOURGE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 11Jan43; M13619. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    16Mar70; R480898.

  WINGS OF DEFENSE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 10Apr42; M12397. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 2Jan70; R475975.

  WINTER SPORTS JAMBOREE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 10Feb43; M13267. Universal Pictures, division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 9Mar70; R480399.

  THE WISE QUACKING DUCK, a motion picture in 1 reel by Vitaphone Corp.
    © 12May43; M13584. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 21May70;
    R485072.

  WOLF CHASES PIGS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 30Apr42;
    L11462. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70; R481152.

  WOOD GOES TO WAR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Apr43;
    M13513. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Apr70; R482798.

  WOODMAN SPARE THAT TREE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    2Jul42; L11706. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun70;
    R486161.

  WORLD OF SPORTS. See

    COLLEGE CHAMPIONS.

    FIT TO FIGHT.

    TENNIS RHYTHM.

    THE WRESTLING OCTOPUS.

  WORLD TODAY. See

    COURAGEOUS AUSTRALIA.

    DUTCH GUIANA.

    MEN OF WEST POINT.

  THE WRESTLING OCTOPUS, a motion picture by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (The world of sports) © 3Apr42; M12648. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 23Mar70; R481155.


                                   Y

  YANKEE DOODLE DANDY, a photoplay in 13 reels by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 2Jan43; L11830. United Artists. Television, Inc. (PWH); 18Feb70;
    R479241.

  YANKS AHOY, a photoplay in 6 reels by Hal Roach Studios. © 15Oct42;
    L12323. Hal Roach Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Jan70; R476331.

  YOKEL BOY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. © 13Mar42;
    L11319. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 27Feb70; R479738.

  YOO-HOO, GENERAL, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    12Mar42; L11132. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 20Feb70;
    R479833.

  YOUNG AMERICA, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 6Feb42; L11081. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    9Feb70; R478839.

  YOUNG AND WILLING, a photoplay in 9 reels by United Artists
    Productions. © 22Oct42; L11966. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH);
    28May70; R485578.

  THE YOUNGEST PROFESSION, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 2Mar43;
    L11929. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 5Mar70; R480258.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).


                                   A

 ABC Sports, Inc.
   THE AMERICAN SPORTSMAN.

 ADM Films.
   THE MISSISSIPPI SYSTEM: WATERWAY OF COMMERCE.

 AMD Studios.
   ATLANTA'S BEHOLD THE MAN.

 A-V Corp.
   FLOSSING AND BRUSHING.

 A-V Corp. Teaching Films, Inc. Division.
   SEE Teaching Films, Inc.

 Aaro Films, Inc.
   WILDERNESS CALLING.

 Abbot, Sheldon.
   BATTERY SERVICE.
   PREALIGNMENT CHECKS.

 Acre Enterprises, Inc.
   THE COMIC.

 Addison-Wesley Pub. Co.
   THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

 Adelphi Films.
   REVOLUTION IS IN YOUR HEAD.

 Adelphi University, Garden City, N.Y.
   School of Social Work.
   THE WAY IT IS.

 Aegis Productions, Inc.
   THE CASE AGAINST RUBELLA.

 Alarcon, Pedro Antonio de.
   LE TRICORNE.

 Albert, Marvin H.
   ROUGH NIGHT IN JERICHO.

 Alderman Studios, Inc.
   THE FACELESS MENACE.
   [HF/TV EXCLUSIVES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Allstate Insurance Co.
   COMPLEX TRAFFIC.
   INTERMEDIATE TRAFFIC.
   SPECIAL MANEUVERS.

 Allstate Insurance Co. Driver Education Division.
   COMPLEX TRAFFIC.
   INTERMEDIATE TRAFFIC.
   SPECIAL MANEUVERS.

 Allstate Insurance Co. Training Division.
   COMPLEX TRAFFIC.
   INTERMEDIATE TRAFFIC.
   SPECIAL MANEUVERS.

 Alpha III Productions.
   BOY WITH DOG.
   DREAMER.
   OCEAN.
   RAINY DAY.

 Ameran Films, Ltd.
   THE EXECUTIONER.

 American Assn. for the Advancement of Science.
   OBSERVING AND INFERRING: THE BALLOON BOX.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   DIRECTIONS.
   DISCOVERY.
   XIX OLYMPIC GAMES.

 American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Inc.
   ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES.
   THE SOVIET UNION: FARMING THE COLLECTIVE WAY.
   THE SOVIET UNION: LIFE IN MOSCOW.
   THE SOVIET UNION: MEN, MINERALS, AND MACHINERY.

 American Institute for Foreign Study.
   A SUMMER TO REMEMBER.

 American International Pictures.
   BLOODY MAMA.
   HELL'S ANGELS '69.
   TWO GENTLEMEN SHARING.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   ANGEL, ANGEL, DOWN WE GO.
   DESTROY ALL MONSTERS.

 American International Productions.
   BLOODY MAMA.
   DE SADE.

 American International Productions (England) Ltd.
   TWO GENTLEMEN SHARING.

 American Lutheran Church. Board of Parish Education.
   THE NEIGHBOR GAME.

 American Lutheran Church. Board of Publication.
   THE NEIGHBOR GAME.

 American National Red Cross.
   TO BUILD AGAIN.

 American Telephone & Telegraph Co.
   A SENSE OF HEARING.

 American Zoetrope.
   THE RAIN PEOPLE.

 Amerman, Lockhart.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

 Andrews, Alfred Penn.
   JEFFERSON DAVIS, A PROFILE.

 Andrews Enterprises.
   JEFFERSON DAVIS, A PROFILE.

 Apjac Productions, Inc.
   BENEATH THE PLANET OF THE APES.

 Apple Films, Ltd.
   LET IT BE.

 Aquila Film Enterprises.
   SUCCUBUS.

 Arden Films.
   COURAGE.

 Arno Press.
   SLAVERY AND SLAVE RESISTANCE.

 Arzt Productions, Inc.
   THE BULK OF EXPERIENCE.

 Aspen Productions, Inc.
   MASH.

 Association of American Geographers.
   [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY]

 Association of American Geographers.
   High School Geography Project.
   [GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE, UNIT 3: CULTURAL GEOGRAPHY]

 Athena Enterprises Corp.
   THE ARRANGEMENT.

 Atkinson, Hugh.
   THE GAMES.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   INDIA AND HER FOOD PROBLEM.
   JAPANESE CHILDREN IN WINTER.
   MAKING A PINATA.
   SEACOAST VILLAGE OF JAPAN.
   JESUS GARCIA, HERO OF NACOZARI.

 Atomic Power Development Associates, Inc.
   DEEP REACTOR SURGERY.

 Audication, Inc.
   BASIC COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE.
   COBOL COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE.

 Audio Productions.
   EXPLORATION OF THE MOON.

 Audio Productions, Inc.
   METHODS AND INSTRUMENTS OF OCEANOGRAPHY.
   PRINCIPLES FOR CREATING CLOTHING, THE WHYS.
   SEA WATER AND THE SEA FLOOR.
   UNDERSTANDING TOPOGRAPHIC MAPS.
   WORK OF THE WIND AND RUNNING WATER.

 Audio Visual International Corp. Look/Listen & Learn, Inc. Subsidiary.
   SEE Look/Listen & Learn, Inc.

 Audio Visual Specialties, Inc.
   SOME TO DEMONSTRATE, SOME TO DESTROY.
   A STORY OF THE TROPICS.

 Augsburg Pub. House.
   THE NEIGHBOR GAME.

 Austing, G. Ronald.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.


                                   B

 BHE Productions, Ltd.
   THE MIKADO.

 BNA, Inc.
   ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.
   TOUGH-MINDED MANAGEMENT.

 Beacon TV Features, Inc.
   TELL IT LIKE IT IS.

 Behn, Noel.
   THE KREMLIN LETTER.

 Behrens Co., Inc.
   KID'S STUFF.

 Bellile, Dennis.
   AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

 Berg, Wil.
   TANGENTS.

 Berman-Century Productions.
   JUSTINE.

 Beyer, Daniel L.
   THE JOY OF BREAST FEEDING.

 Blaustein, Rose.
   LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.

 Board of Parish Education, American Lutheran Church.
   SEE American Lutheran Church. Board of Parish Education.

 Board of Publication, American Lutheran Church.
   SEE American Lutheran Church. Board of Publication.

 Boehmer, Robert.
   AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   THE WHACKY WORLD OF NUMBERS.

 Boulle, Pierre.
   BENEATH THE PLANET OF THE APES.

 Bowmar Records, Inc.
   BEETHOVEN, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   CHILDREN'S SONGS OF MEXICO.
   DEBUSSY, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   FAVORITE SONGS OF JAPANESE CHILDREN.
   FOLK SONGS OF AFRICA.
   FOLK SONGS OF CALIFORNIA AND THE OLD WEST.
   FOLK SONGS OF CANADA.
   FOLK SONGS OF ISRAEL.
   FOLK SONGS OF MANY PEOPLE.
   FOLK SONGS OF THE ARAB WORLD.
   FOLK SONGS OF THE U.S.A.
   FOSTER, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   HAYDN, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   LATIN AMERICAN FOLK SONGS.
   MOZART, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   PUCCINI, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   R. STRAUSS, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   RAVEL, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   SCHUBERT, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   SONGS OF OUR PACIFIC NEIGHBORS.
   SOUSA, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   VERDI, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   WAGNER, A STORY IN PICTURES.

 Boy Scouts of America.
   AMERICA THE BEAUTIFUL.
   IDAHO JAMBOREE.

 Brandywine Productions, Ltd.
   WOMEN IN LOVE.

 Braniff International.
   HAWAII: BRANIFF INTERNATIONAL'S HAWAII.

 Brenner (Joseph) Associates.
   HIGH.

 Bristol Productions, Inc.
   SINATRA.

 Broadcast Academy.
   [FILMSTRIPS DISTRIBUTED AS A SINGLE UNIT TO CORRESPONDENCE COURSE
      ENROLLEES]

 Broadcast Educators, Inc.
   EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATIONS FOR SUPERVISORS.
   EFFECTIVE INTERRACIAL COMMUNICATIONS FOR SUPERVISORS.

 Broadman Films.
   THE BIBLE AND SCIENCE.
   CREATION.
   GOOD NEWS FOR YOU: ADULT.
   GOOD NEWS FOR YOU: YOUTH.
   ISRAEL'S PERIOD OF PROGRESS.
   TEACHING BABIES AND TODDLERS.
   VACATION BIBLE SCHOOL JOINT SERVICE 1970.
   WHERE THE GOSPEL SPEAKS CHINESE.

 Brother (D. P.) & Co.
   AMERICA'S ACTION FACTION.
   YOU'RE IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT.

 Brown (E. C.) Trust Foundation, Portland, Or.
   HUMAN HEREDITY.

 Brown, Margaret Wise.
   WHEEL ON THE CHIMNEY.

 Budd (Billy) Films, Inc.
   HOLY WAR.
   TO BE A WOMAN.

 Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.
   KING OF THE GRIZZLIES.

 Buffalo Fine Arts Academy.
   GALLERY, A VIEW OF TIME.

 Burandt, Richard C.
   DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY.

 Burgard, Beverlie.
   DIVORCE.

 Burgard, Victor.
   FACTORING.

 Buxton (Frank) Productions, Inc.
   HOT DOG.


                                   C

 CBS Enterprises, Inc.
   BARNYARD BLACKOUT. (R)
   BARNYARD W A A C. (R)
   HE DOOD IT AGAIN. (R)
   KEEP 'EM GROWING. (R)
   THE LAST ROUND-UP. (R)
   PANDORA'S BOX. (R)
   PATRIOTIC POOCHES. (R)
   SCRAP FOR VICTORY. (R)
   SHIPYARD SYMPHONY. (R)
   SOMEWHERE IN THE PACIFIC. (R)
   SUPER MOUSE IN PANDORA'S BOX. (R)

 CBS Films, Inc. Terrytoons Division.
   SEE Terrytoons.

 CCC Filmkunst G.M.B.H. & Co., K.G.
   DE SADE.

 Caidin, Martin.
   MAROONED.

 California. University. Regents.
   APPEALS TO SANTIAGO.

 California Real Estate Assn.
   THE SALE OF INVESTMENT PROPERTY: APARTMENT HOUSES.

 Calvin Productions, Inc.
   PATIENTS NEED YOU.

 Camins de Paris, Inc.
   PROVINCETOWN ART.

 Carlocke/Langden, Inc. Film A Month Division.
   SEE Film A Month.

 Carlson, Herbert.
   THE WACKIEST SHIP IN THE ARMY.

 Carr, Archie.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

 Cartier Productions, Inc.
   GAILY, GAILY.

 Case (J. I.) Co.
   THE BACKHOE STORY.

 Case (J. I.) Co. Construction Equipment Division.
   THE BACKHOE STORY.

 Castle Advertising, Inc.
   RONCO SCISSORS.
   TIDIE DRIER.

 Cate & McGlone Films.
   HAWAII: BRANIFF INTERNATIONAL'S HAWAII.
   HAWAII: PLAYGROUND OF THE PACIFIC.
   HAWAII: SURFING PARADISE OF THE WORLD.

 Cathedral Films, Inc.
   HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

 Ceniceros, Blair.
   READING.

 Center for Media Development, Inc.
   BEST READ ADS.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   BANANAS: GOLD FROM THE TROPICS.
   COFFEE PRODUCTION IN LATIN AMERICA.
   COMMUNICATION BY VOICE AND ACTION.
   THE CRUSADES.
   HOW TO CONDUCT A MEETING.
   LEO BEUERMAN.
   MICROPHONE SPEAKING.
   NORWEGIAN FISHERMAN-FARMER.
   STAGE FRIGHT.
   SUGAR AND THE CANE.

 Centron Educational Films.
   BANANAS: GOLD FROM THE TROPICS.
   COFFEE PRODUCTION IN LATIN AMERICA.
   COMMUNICATION BY VOICE AND ACTION.
   THE CRUSADES.
   HOW TO CONDUCT A MEETING.
   LEO BEUERMAN.
   MICROPHONE SPEAKING.
   STAGE FRIGHT.
   SUGAR AND THE CANE.

 Chatterton, Ruth.
   PLAYHOUSE 90.

 Chekhov, Anton Pavlovich.
   [THE BEGGAR]

 Cherberg, Harriet J.
   FLAT PICTURES.

 Chestnut Lodge, Rockville, Md.
   COMMUNICATION IN RHYTHMIC BODY ACTION.

 Chevrolet Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.

 Chevrolet New Truck Merchandising Dept. General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet New Truck Merchandising Dept.

 Chevrolet Parts & Accessories Dept. General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Parts & Accessories Dept.

 Childbirth & Parent Education League of Pinellas County, Fla., Inc.
   THE JOY OF BREAST FEEDING.

 Chizek, Howard.
   TEACH WITH FILMSTRIPS.

 Chodakowski, Alex.
   MEDALS.

 Cholakian, Vartkes S.
   MACHINA.

 Chrislaw Productions, Inc.
   THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

 Chrislaw Trace-Mark Productions, Inc.
   ONE MORE TIME.

 Chrysler Corp.
   ACE IN THE HOLE.
   ANY WAY YOU ADD IT UP.
   BRAKE HYDRAULICS.
   BUDGET MUSCLE.
   CARBURETION, FUNDAMENTALS AND FACTS.
   CHALLENGER R/T AND CHARGER R/T.
   THE CHEVROLET CAMARO AND PONTIAC FIREBIRD WITH A CHALLENGE FROM
      [CHALLENGER]
   CORONET 500 VS. CHEVELLE MALIBU AND LE MANS SPORT.
   DART VERSUS NOVA.
   THE DAY AFTER CAMARO.
   DEAR ANN FLANDERS.
   DODGE D100 PICKUP VS. FORD F100 PICKUP & CHEVROLET C10 PICKUP.
   DODGE POLARA VS. CHEVROLET IMPALA & PONTIAC CATALINA.
   DODGE POLARA VS. FORD GALAXIE 500.
   DON'T TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER.
   DUSTER, THERE'S MORE TO A CAR, HORNET.
   HEATED AIR INTAKE AND VAPOR SAVER.
   HOW PLYMOUTH TOPS CHEVROLET FOR 1970.
   IF CLOCKS COULD TALK.
   JOE ROBBINS LOOKS AT MERCURY.
   LET'S KEEP IT CLEAN.
   LOSERS LET THINGS HAPPEN, WINNERS MAKE THINGS HAPPEN.
   MAKE THE MOST OF IT.
   THE NEW CHOICE AND HOW TO MAKE IT.
   THE 1970 ALTERNATOR AND REGULATOR.
   [1970 BARRACUDA VS. MUSTANG]
   1970 CHARGER VS. PONTIAC GTO & CHEVROLET MONTE CARLO.
   [1970 CHRYSLER VS. BUICK]
   [1970 CHRYSLER VS. OLDSMOBILE]
   [1970 DUSTER VS. MAVERICK]
   [1970 FURY VS. FORD]
   [1970 IMPERIAL VS. LINCOLN]
   ONE STEP AT A TIME.
   ORDER TAKER OR ORDER MAKER.
   RAPID TRANSIT SYSTEM.
   S.P.O.F.B.I.L.B.
   SHOCK ABSORBER FACTS.
   SOME PROSPECTS ARE CLOSER THAN YOU THINK.
   STEERING COLUMNS & SHIFT LINKAGES.
   THE STRONG BOXES.
   TWO FOUR TWO.
   WIND NOISE & AIR LEAKS.
   YOU CAN GET THERE FROM HERE.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.
   ACE IN THE HOLE.
   ANY WAY YOU ADD IT UP.
   DON'T TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER.
   IF CLOCKS COULD TALK.
   MAKE THE MOST OF IT.
   ONE STEP AT A TIME.
   ORDER TAKER OR ORDER MAKER.
   SOME PROSPECTS ARE CLOSER THAN YOU THINK.

 Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.
   CHALLENGER CHALLENGES THE FORD MUSTANG AND MERCURY COUGAR.
   THE CHEVROLET CAMARO AND PONTIAC FIREBIRD WITH A CHALLENGE FROM
      [CHALLENGER]
   CORONET 500 VS. CHEVELLE MALIBU AND LE MANS SPORT.
   DART VERSUS NOVA.
   DODGE D100 PICKUP VS. FORD F100 PICKUP & CHEVROLET C10 PICKUP.
   DODGE POLARA VS. CHEVROLET IMPALA & PONTIAC CATALINA.
   1970 CHARGER VS. PONTIAC GTO & CHEVROLET MONTE CARLO.
   S.P.O.F.B.I.L.B.
   THE STRONG BOXES.

 Chrysler Corp. Plymouth Division.
   LOSERS LET THINGS HAPPEN, WINNERS MAKE THINGS HAPPEN.
   THE NEW CHOICE AND HOW TO MAKE IT.

 Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Cine-Mark.
   IMPULSE 90.

 Cinema IV International Pictures.
   NIGHT OF BLOODY HORROR.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   IF HE HOLLERS, LET HIM GO.

 Ciriello, Edmund.
   BOXING, THAI STYLE.

 Ciriello, Robert J.
   BOXING, THAI STYLE.

 Clayton Manufacturing Co.
   BRAKES OF LIFE.

 Clover Park School District 400.
   SEE Lakewood Center, Wash. Clover Park School District 400.

 Coburn Corp. of America. Computer Methods Corp. Subsidiary.
   SEE Computer Methods Corp.

 Cohen, George.
   NEED FOR INSTRUCTIONAL MATERIALS.

 Coleman/Meyer.
   THE GRIPEVINE.

 Colgate-Palmolive Co.
   THE MOUTH I LIVE IN, AUTOBIOGRAPHY OF A TOOTH.

 Collins, Stephen.
   EXPLORING THE WORLD OF NATURE.

 Colonial Films, Inc.
   LET'S LOOK AT THE LEARNER.
   LOOKING AT TEACHING.
   LOOKING AT VISUAL AIDS.
   THE TEACHER AS A SPEAKER.

 Colonial Williamsburg, Inc.
   DOORWAY TO THE PAST.
   GUNSMITH OF WILLIAMSBURG.

 Columbia British Productions, Ltd.
   THE LOOKING GLASS WAR.
   THE SOUTHERN STAR.
   THE VIRGIN SOLDIERS.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   CBS CHILDREN'S HOUR.
   CBS NEWS SPECIAL REPORT.
   CBS PLAYHOUSE.
   CALL TO DANGER.
   GUNSMOKE.
   NIGHT WATCH.
   PREMIERE.
   THE QUEEN AND I.
   TOKYO ROSE: TWO WARS LATER.
   THE 21ST CENTURY.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   ADVENTURES OF MARTIN EDEN. (R)
   AGE OF CONSENT.
   ALIAS BOSTON BLACKIE. (R)
   ALL WORK AND NO PAY. (R)
   ATLANTIC CONVOY. (R)
   BOB & CAROL & TED & ALICE.
   BULLETS FOR BANDITS. (R)
   CACTUS MAKES PERFECT. (R)
   CANAL ZONE. (R)
   CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. (R)
   COLLEGE CHAMPIONS. (R)
   COLUMBIA TOURS. (R)
   THE COMIC.
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   A DESPERATE CHANCE FOR ELLERY QUEEN. (R)
   THE DEVIL'S TRAIL. (R)
   DOWN RIO GRANDE WAY. (R)
   THE EXECUTIONER.
   FIT TO FIGHT. (R)
   FLIGHT LIEUTENANT. (R)
   GLOVE BIRDS. (R)
   GROOM AND BORED. (R)
   HELLO ANNAPOLIS. (R)
   HOW SPRY I AM. (R)
   IT'S A GREAT LIFE. (R)
   THE KITCHEN QUIZ. (R)
   LAND RAIDERS.
   LAWLESS PLAINSMEN. (R)
   THE LIBERATION OF L. B. JONES.
   LOCK UP YOUR DAUGHTERS.
   THE LOOKING GLASS WAR.
   MAROONED.
   MATRI-PHONY. (R)
   MEET THE STEWARTS. (R)
   NORTH OF THE ROCKIES. (R)
   NOT A LADIES' MAN. (R)
   OLAF LAUGHS LAST. (R)
   PARACHUTE NURSE. (R)
   PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE NORTHLAND. (R)
   SAPPY BIRTHDAY. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SHUT MY BIG MOUTH. (R)
   SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW MUSIC. (R)
   THE SOUTHERN STAR.
   SPARE TIME IN THE ARMY. (R)
   A STUDY IN SOCKS. (R)
   SUBMARINE RAIDER. (R)
   SWEETHEART OF THE FLEET. (R)
   THE TALK OF THE TOWN. (R)
   TENNIS RHYTHM. (R)
   THEY ALL KISSED THE BRIDE. (R)
   THREE SMART SAPS. (R)
   TIREMAN, SPARE MY TIRES. (R)
   TRAMP, TRAMP, TRAMP. (R)
   TWO YANKS IN TRINIDAD. (R)
   THE VIRGIN SOLDIERS.
   THE WHACKY WORLD OF NUMBERS.
   WHAT MAKES LIZZY DIZZY. (R)
   WHAT'S THE MATADOR. (R)
   THE WIFE TAKES A FLYER. (R)
   THE WRESTLING OCTOPUS. (R)
   YOO-HOO, GENERAL. (R)
   YOU CAN'T WIN 'EM ALL.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   ADVENTURES OF MARTIN EDEN. (R)
   ALIAS BOSTON BLACKIE. (R)
   ALL WORK AND NO PAY. (R)
   ATLANTIC CONVOY. (R)
   A BOTTLE FOR A BOTTLE. (R)
   THE BULLDOG AND THE BABY. (R)
   BULLETS FOR BANDITS. (R)
   CACTUS MAKES PERFECT. (R)
   CANAL ZONE. (R)
   CAPTAIN MIDNIGHT. (R)
   CINDERELLA GOES TO A PARTY. (R)
   COLLEGE CHAMPIONS. (R)
   COLUMBIA TOURS. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   CONCERTO IN B FLAT MINOR. (R)
   A DESPERATE CHANCE FOR ELLERY QUEEN. (R)
   THE DEVIL'S TRAIL. (R)
   DOG MEETS DOG. (R)
   DOWN RIO GRANDE WAY. (R)
   FIT TO FIGHT. (R)
   FLIGHT LIEUTENANT. (R)
   GETTING STRAIGHT.
   GLOVE BIRDS. (R)
   GROOM AND BORED. (R)
   HAMLET.
   HEALTH FOR DEFENSE. (R)
   HELLO ANNAPOLIS. (R)
   HOW SPRY I AM. (R)
   THE KITCHEN QUIZ. (R)
   LAWLESS PLAINSMEN. (R)
   LOVING.
   MATRI-PHONY. (R)
   MEET THE STEWARTS. (R)
   NORTH OF THE ROCKIES. (R)
   NOT A LADIES' MAN. (R)
   OLAF LAUGHS LAST. (R)
   PARACHUTE NURSE. (R)
   PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE NORTHLAND. (R)
   RIVERRUN.
   SAPPY BIRTHDAY. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   SHUT MY BIG MOUTH. (R)
   SO YOU THINK YOU KNOW MUSIC. (R)
   SPARE TIME IN THE ARMY. (R)
   A STUDY IN SOCKS. (R)
   SUBMARINE RAIDER. (R)
   SWEETHEART OF THE FLEET. (R)
   THE TALK OF THE TOWN. (R)
   TENNIS RHYTHM. (R)
   THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH.
   THEY ALL KISSED THE BRIDE. (R)
   THREE SMART SAPS. (R)
   TIREMAN, SPARE MY TIRES. (R)
   TRAMP, TRAMP, TRAMP. (R)
   TRUMAN AND THE ATOMIC BOMB.
   TRUMAN AND THE COLD WAR.
   TRUMAN AND THE KOREAN WAR.
   TRUMAN AND THE USES OF POWER.
   TWO YANKS IN TRINIDAD. (R)
   UNDER THE SHEDDING CHESTNUT TREE. (R)
   WACKY WIGWAMS. (R)
   A WALK IN THE SPRING RAIN.
   WATERMELON MAN.
   WHAT MAKES LIZZY DIZZY. (R)
   WHAT'S THE MATADOR. (R)
   THE WIFE TAKES A FLYER. (R)
   THE WILD AND WOOZY WEST. (R)
   WOLF CHASES PIGS. (R)
   WOODMAN SPARE THAT TREE. (R)
   THE WORLD OF MAN.
   THE WRESTLING OCTOPUS. (R)
   YOO-HOO, GENERAL. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Co. of America Division.
   SEE Learning Co. of America.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Corp. of America Division.
   SEE Learning Corp. of America.

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Screen Gems Division.
   SEE Screen Gems, Inc.

 Comedic Productions, Inc.
   THE SMOTHERS BROTHERS COMEDY HOUR.

 Communications Group West/Hollywood.
   AFRO-AMERICAN MUSIC: ITS HERITAGE.
   MUSIC: FROM POPULAR TO CONCERT STAGE.

 Comprenetics, Inc.
   AMBULATING A PATIENT TO A CHAIR OR WHEELCHAIR.
   ANSWERING THE PATIENT'S CALL SIGNAL.
   CLEANING AND SANITIZING.
   COLD FOOD HANDLING.
   COMPRE-VUE.
   CONTROL OF ANTS, FLIES AND MOSQUITOES.
   CONTROL OF RATS AND MICE.
   ELEMENTARY BODY MECHANICS.
   FIRST TIME AMBULATION FOR THE PATIENT.
   THE FOOD SERVICE WORKER.
   HANDWASHING PROCEDURES.
   HOSPITAL BEDS, VARIABLE HEIGHT.
   IDENTIFICATION AND CONTROL OF ROACHES.
   MAKING THE SURGICAL (POSTOPERATIVE) BED.
   MAKING THE UNOCCUPIED (CLOSED) BED.
   MOVING A PATIENT IN BED.
   PREVENTING FOOD SPOILAGE.
   RECOGNIZING FOOD SPOILAGE.
   SALAD PREPARATION.
   STANDARD FOOD PORTIONS.
   STANDARDS OF CLEANLINESS.
   STRETCHER TRANSPORT.
   USE OF SIDE RAILS.
   WHEELCHAIR TRANSPORT.

 Computer Image Corp.
   ACCENT ON THE ACCENT.
   SCANIMATE: A NEW WAY TO SEE.
   WORLD STREETS AND AVENUES.

 Computer Methods Corp.
   DIRECT ACCESS STORAGE.
   FILE ORGANIZATION METHODS.

 Computer Sports, Inc.
   THE SUPER FIGHT.

 Concepts Unlimited, Inc.
   RODEO.

 Connecticut Films, Inc.
   THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A STORY.

 Construction Equipment Division, J. I. Case Co.
   SEE Case (J. I.) Co. Construction Equipment Division.

 Constructive Action, Inc.
   POT, ROCK, REVOLUTION.

 Convention Press.
   CHRIST: BREAKTHROUGH IN UNDERSTANDING.
   GOD'S PLAN.
   GOOD NEWS FOR A CONFUSED WORLD.

 Coriander Productions, Inc.
   BOB & CAROL & TED & ALICE.

 Coronet Films, Inc.
   PATIENTS NEED YOU.

 Coronet Instructional Films.
   ACTION OF RIVERS.
   BRAZIL: PEOPLE OF THE FRONTIER.
   CHINA AND ITS AGRICULTURE.
   CHINA AND ITS INDUSTRY.
   CHINA AND ITS PEOPLE.
   THE CHORDATES: DIVERSITY IN STRUCTURE.
   COURTESY.
   CZECHOSLOVAKIA.
   THE EARTH: COASTLINES.
   THE EARTH: ITS MAGNETIC FIELD.
   THE EARTH: VOLCANOES.
   FAMOUS CHILDREN'S STORIES.
   GETTING ALONG IN SCHOOL.
   GOING PLACES IN THE CITY.
   LIFE OF A NOMAD PEOPLE.
   MEASURING THINGS.
   MOSSES, LIVERWORTS, AND FERNS.
   OUR COMMUNITY UTILITIES.
   SEEING ARGENTINA, PARAGUAY AND URUGUAY.
   SEEING THE ANDES COUNTRIES.
   SENTENCE PATTERNS.
   SPACE SCIENCE: EXPLORING THE MOON.
   SPACE SCIENCE: GALAXIES AND THE UNIVERSE.
   TRAVELING IN AND OUT OF OUR CITY.
   YUGOSLAVIA: THE LAND AND THE PEOPLE.

 Cottage Industries, Inc.
   MY MOTHER, THE CAR.

 Cousins, Cyril J.
   BEGINNING SELF DEFENSE FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN.

 Covenant Communications Corp.
   AN INTERVIEW WITH DAVID BEN GURION.

 Cox Broadcasting Corp.
   RICHARD RUSSELL: GEORGIA GIANT.

 Crosby (Bing) Productions.
   THE QUEEN AND I.

 Crosby (Bing) Productions, Inc. Walter Schwimmer Division.
   WIN WITH THE STARS.

 Crossroads.
   OEDIPUS THE KING.

 Crown Zellerbach Corp.
   NUMBER ONE BUSH.

 Cuna Mutual Insurance Society, Madison, Wis.
   IMPULSE 90.


                                   D

 DEFA Studio.
   NOBI AND THE SLAVE TRADERS, AN AFRICAN LEGEND.

 Danjaq, S.A.
   ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE.

 Darnley, Sandra K.
   BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

 Dart Industries, Inc.
   [DART INDUSTRIES TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Davidson Films.
   ADDITION OF INTEGERS.
   CONGRUENCE.
   A DISTRIBUTIVE PRINCIPLE.
   DIVISION.
   EXPONENTS.
   FRACTIONAL PARTS.
   INVERSE OPERATIONS.
   LOCATING AN AIRPLANE IN FLIGHT.
   LOGIC: AND - OR.
   MEASURING LENGTHS.
   MOTION GEOMETRY: REFLECTIONS.
   MOTION GEOMETRY: ROTATIONS.
   MOTION GEOMETRY: TRANSLATIONS.
   MULTIPLICATION.
   PLACE VALUE.
   PYTHAGOREAN RELATIONS.
   SYMMETRY.
   TOPOLOGY.
   USING A COMPASS.
   VOLUME.

 Davis, Stanley.
   THE POLAR BEAR.

 Dayton and Montgomery County, Ohio. Public Library.
   THERE'S SOMETHING ABOUT A STORY.

 Deane, Margaret.
   AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

 Debrod Productions, Inc.
   JOHN AND MARY.

 Devine, Eugene F.
   COBOL COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE.

 Dimancescu, Dan.
   OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.

 Disc-O-Lite Corp., Inc.
   ZODIAC XII.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   FALL OUT, FALL IN. (R)
   THE FLYING JALOPY. (R)
   THE GRAIN THAT BUILT A HEMISPHERE. (R)
   KING OF THE GRIZZLIES.
   PRIVATE PLUTO. (R)
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.
   WATER: FRIEND OR ENEMY. (R)
   THE WINGED SCOURGE. (R)

 Distinguished Contributors Films, Inc.
   E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR., GUIDANCE AND THE ROLE OF THE COUNSELOR.
   RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY: A DEMONSTRATION.
   RUDOLF DREIKURS, INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

 District of Columbia Dept. of Motor Vehicles.
   SEE Washington, D.C. Dept. of Motor Vehicles.

 Division of Curriculum Resources.
   IT'S UP TO YOU.

 Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.

 Domino Productions, Ltd.
   LOCK UP YOUR DAUGHTERS.

 Donen (Stanley) Films, Inc.
   STAIRCASE.

 Donovan (Kevin) Films, Inc.
   FUNGUOUS INFECTIONS OF THE FOOT.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc.
   AFRICA, REPORT FROM A PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER.
   BLACK POLITICAL POWER.
   THE STORY OF THE FIRST LUNAR LANDING.
   THE STRONGER.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday-ICF Division.
   SEE Doubleday-ICF.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday Multimedia Division.
   SEE Doubleday Multimedia.

 Doubleday-ICF.
   CAREERS: CLERICAL.
   CAREERS: HEALTH SERVICES.
   CAREERS: MECHANICAL.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   AGE OF EXPLORATION.
   CAREERS: CONSTRUCTION.
   CAREERS: GOVERNMENT SERVICES.
   CAREERS: LEISURE INDUSTRIES.
   CAREERS: SERVICES GENERAL.
   FOUNDING OF THE AMERICAN COLONIES.
   LINES, SPINES AND PORCUPINES.
   THE STORY OF THE FIRST LUNAR LANDING.

 Douglas, Lloyd C.
   PLAYHOUSE 90.

 Drabble, Margaret.
   THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH.

 Dragnet Productions.
   DRAGNET.
   DRAGNET 1969.

 Driver Education Division, Allstate Insurance Co.
   SEE Allstate Insurance Co. Driver Education Division.

 Drummer Productions.
   THE HUNGRY GOD.
   THE KING'S DREAM.
   THE LIONS' DEN.
   THREE BRAVE FRIENDS.

 Du Pont de Nemours (E. I.) & Co. Freon Products Division.
   THE BULK OF EXPERIENCE.

 Durrell, Lawrence.
   JUSTINE.

 Dyer, Charles.
   STAIRCASE.


                                   E

 Ealing Corp.
   STARTING TOMORROW.

 Early Learning Division, General Learning Corp.
   SEE General Learning Corp. Early Learning Division.

 Eastman Kodak Co.
   A PLACE TO GROW.
   PUTTING NEW EXCITEMENT INTO SCHOOL PICTURES.
   A SPECIAL KIND OF CHEMISTRY.

 Edinboro State College.
   SEE Pennsylvania. State College, Edinboro.

 Educational Activities, Inc.
   BEGINNING SELF DEFENSE FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN.

 Educational Direction, Inc.
   STORY STARTERS.

 Educational Filmstrips.
   MAN'S BIOLOGICAL HERITAGE: EARLY MAN IN THE NEAR EAST.

 Educational Innovations, Inc.
   GETTING READY FOR LEARNING.
   I AM GROWING UP.
   LEARNING NEW SCHOOL HABITS.
   MY FAMILY--MY PEOPLE.
   MY NEW FRIENDS AT SCHOOL.
   MY RULES.
   MY SAFETY RULES.
   OUR WORLD OF HOUSES AND HOMES.
   PROBLEMS I CAN SOLVE.
   SCHOOL IS MY OTHER HOME.
   TAKING CARE OF MYSELF.
   THE WORLD OF FOOD.

 Ellis, Marc F.
   BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

 Emberley, Barbara.
   DRUMMER HOFF.

 Emberley, Ed.
   DRUMMER HOFF.

 Emka.
   CHINA. (R)
   DIXIE. (R)
   FIVE GRAVES TO CAIRO. (R)
   HAPPY GO LUCKY. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH GETS GLAMOUR. (R)
   LADY BODYGUARD. (R)
   LUCKY JORDAN. (R)
   MY HEART BELONGS TO DADDY. (R)
   NIGHT PLANE FROM CHUNGKING. (R)
   SO PROUDLY WE HAIL. (R)
   STAR SPANGLED RHYTHM. (R)

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.
   BANG.
   CHICANO FROM THE SOUTHWEST.
   CHOOSING UP.
   CLAP.
   A DISCUSSION OF ERNEST HEMINGWAY'S MY OLD MAN.
   A DISCUSSION OF HERMAN MELVILLE'S BARTLEBY.
   A DISCUSSION OF NATHANIEL HAWTHORNE'S DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.
   A DISCUSSION OF SHIRLEY JACKSON'S THE LOTTERY.
   DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.
   FOLLOW ME.
   THE GARBAGE EXPLOSION.
   GETTING ALONG.
   HOLDING ON.
   HOW LEVEL IS SEA LEVEL.
   THE INDUSTRIAL CITY.
   THE INDUSTRIAL WORKER.
   THE LEMONADE STAND: WHAT'S FAIR.
   LINDA AND BILLY RAY FROM APPALACHIA.
   LOPSIDELAND.
   THE LOTTERY.
   MATCHING UP.
   ME, TOO.
   THE MISSISSIPPI SYSTEM: WATERWAY OF COMMERCE.
   MOVEMENT EVERYWHERE.
   MY OLD MAN, BY ERNEST HEMINGWAY.
   NOBI AND THE SLAVE TRADERS, AN AFRICAN LEGEND.
   PIGEONS! PIGEONS.
   RICHARD HUNT, SCULPTOR.
   THE RISE OF BIG BUSINESS.
   SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.
   TOES TELL.
   WHAT IF.
   WHAT'S HAPPENING.
   WHOSE SHOES.

 Equitable Life Assurance Society of the United States.
   BROKEN WINDOW.
   DROP OUT.
   EQUAL JOB OPPORTUNITY.

 Esquire, Inc. Coronet Instructional Films Division.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Euro-France Films, S.A.R.L.
   THE SOUTHERN STAR.

 Excelsior Distributing Co.
   THE WITCHMAKER.


                                   F

 FKB Enterprises.
   FATHER KNOWS BEST.

 Family Affair Co.
   FAMILY AFFAIR.

 Fast, Howard.
   JIGSAW.

 Fedderson (Don) Productions.
   FAMILY AFFAIR.

 Feydeau, Georges.
   A FLEA IN HER EAR.

 Film A Month.
   BE-ATTITUDE, SELF ESTEEM.

 Film Archives Trading Co.
   THE CRYSTAL BALL. (R)
   I MARRIED A WITCH. (R)
   IN WHICH WE SERVE. (R)
   SILVER QUEEN. (R)
   YOUNG AND WILLING. (R)

 Film Institute, Inc.
   HEALTH FOR DEFENSE. (R)

 Film Production Unit, Iowa State University.
   SEE Iowa. State University of Science & Technology, Ames. Film
      Production Unit.

 Filmedia Studios, Inc.
   WHY DO WE NEED LIMITS.

 Films Ariane, S.A.
   LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT.

 Films 13.
   LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT.

 Filmsmith, Inc.
   LORD THING.

 Filmways, Ltd.
   HAMLET.

 Fisher-Collyer Associates.
   THE WORLD OF MAN.

 Fleetwood Films, Inc.
   GALLERY, A VIEW OF TIME.

 Fleming, Ian.
   ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE.

 Ford, Jesse Hill.
   THE LIBERATION OF L. B. JONES.

 Formosa Productions, Inc.
   COTTON COMES TO HARLEM.

 Forward Films, Inc.
   IF HE HOLLERS, LET HIM GO.

 Four Leaf Productions, Inc.
   ANGEL, ANGEL, DOWN WE GO.

 Frankovich Productions, Inc.
   BOB & CAROL & TED & ALICE.
   MAROONED.

 Freeman, Alan.
   ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

 Freeman, Mike.
   EXPLORING THE SACRED MAYAN WELL.

 Freeman-Enders.
   ZIG ZAG.

 Freon Products Division, E. I. Du Pont de Nemours & Co.
   SEE Du Pont de Nemours (E. I.) & Co. Freon Products Division.

 Fukuda, Hanako.
   FAVORITE SONGS OF JAPANESE CHILDREN.

 Funt (Allen) Productions, Inc.
   WHAT DO YOU SAY TO A NAKED LADY.

 Furie Productions, Inc.
   THE LAWYER.


                                   G

 Garay, Gustav J.
   EARTH WORM.
   EMBRYOLOGY: 10MM PIG.
   HYDRA.
   MEIOSIS.
   MITOSIS.

 Garcia, Dalia.
   AMERICA IN FLAMES.

 Garcia, Jose.
   AMERICA IN FLAMES.

 Geeslin, Gene Smith.
   SEE Visual Aids Studio.

 General Board of Education, United Methodist Church, division of
    Curriculum Resources.
   SEE United Methodist Church (United States) General Board of
      Education. Division of Curriculum Resources.

 General Electric Co.
   COMPUTERS AT WORK.
   HELP WANTED: SECRETARY.
   MAGNETISM AT WORK.
   YOU AND THE COMPUTER.

 General Learning Corp.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I-IV.

 General Learning Corp, Early Learning Division.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I-IV.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Motor Division.
   ADVANCE INFORMATION--TOP SECRET, & HERE'S WHAT WE THINK.
   CHAIN REACTION.
   CHEVROLET SERIES 90 IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM, & 1970 SERIES 90 TRUCKS,
      FEATURES TO MATCH THE NEEDS.
   [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]
   IT'S THE BUYERS CHOICE. [1970 SALES PLANNING CONFERENCE]
   ONCE UPON A MEMORY BANK.
   OPENERS FOR CLOSING 1970 TRUCK SALES.
   OPERATION: CONQUER.
   PRESCRIPTION FOR RV SALES.
   SALES POWER AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.
   SERIES 71 DETROIT DIESEL ENGINES SELLING FACTS.
   SHOWDOWN.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet New Truck Merchandising Dept.
   PRESCRIPTION FOR RV SALES.

 General Motors Corp. Chevrolet Parts & Accessories Dept.
   ADVANCE INFORMATION--TOP SECRET, & HERE'S WHAT WE THINK.
   CHAIN REACTION.

 General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.
   AMERICA'S ACTION FACTION.
   COMMITMENT TO COMPETE.
   DOAKES' DILEMMA.
   ENGINEERED FOR ESCAPE.
   ESCAPE MACHINE EXTRAORDINAIRE, THE 1970 OLDSMOBILE LUXURY-STATUS AND
      PERFORMANCE CARS.
   ESCAPE TO LUXURY.
   THE 1970 ESCAPE MACHINES.
   THE 1970 OLDS INTERMEDIATES ARE OFF THE PAD.
   1970, THE PEOPLE WAGONS.
   VALUE RATED USED CAR MERCHANDISING.
   YOU'RE IN THE DRIVER'S SEAT.

 General Motors Corp. Pontiac Motor Division.
   THE APPLAUSE MAKERS.
   ENGINEERED FOR EXCITEMENT.
   FAST, YOUNG, AND FULL OF FUN.
   FIREBIRD 1970.
   LET YOUR FINGERS FIND YOUR PROSPECTS.
   STEP ASIDE, MOUNTAINS & COMPETITION.
   THIS IS THE WAY IT'S GOING TO BE.
   TWO TICKETS TO CLASS.
   WHAT MAKES A PONTIAC A PONTIAC.

 Gergely, Tibor.
   WHEEL ON THE CHIMNEY.

 Ghio (Mario) Production Group, Ltd.
   INLAND SEA ODYSSEY.

 Gillam, Scott.
   AFRICA, REPORT FROM A PEACE CORPS VOLUNTEER.

 Gillette Co.
   [GILLETTE CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Glickler, Paul.
   NO ROOM IN THE SUBURBS.

 Goldwyn, Samuel.
   THEY GOT ME COVERED. (R)

 Goldwyn (Samuel) Productions.
   THEY GOT ME COVERED. (R)

 Graded Press.
   A GIFT FOR SAINT MICHAELS.
   GREEN WHISTLES CAN'T SING GLORY TO GOD.
   IT'S UP TO YOU.

 Granger Graphics.
   POT, ROCK, REVOLUTION.

 Grant, Bruce.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

 Greatest Fights of the Century, Inc.
   [ROCKY CASTELLANI VS. GIL TURNER; BOB BAKER VS. BOB SATTERFIELD;
      CARMEN BASILIO VS. ITALO SCORTICHINI]

 Green Belt Breweries, Inc.
   [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

 Grotey, Gerald.
   INTERFAITH MARRIAGES AND THEIR EFFECT ON CHILDREN.

 Group for the Advancement of Psychiatry, New York.
   A NICE KID LIKE YOU.


                                   H

 Ham, Donald Richard.
   REQUIEM.

 Hammer, Barbara Mettler.
   THE ART OF BODY MOVEMENT.

 Hammer Film Productions, Ltd.
   THE EVIL OF FRANKENSTEIN.

 Handy (Jam) Organization.
   ADVANCE INFORMATION--TOP SECRET, & HERE'S WHAT WE THINK.
   THE APPLAUSE MAKERS.
   THE BACKHOE STORY.
   CHAIN REACTION.
   CHEVROLET SERIES 90 IDENTIFICATION SYSTEM, & 1970 SERIES 90 TRUCKS,
      FEATURES TO MATCH THE NEEDS.
   [DRIVER EDUCATION KIT]
   ENGINEERED FOR ESCAPE.
   ENGINEERED FOR EXCITEMENT.
   ESCAPE MACHINES EXTRAORDINAIRE, THE 1970 OLDSMOBILE LUXURY-STATUS AND
      PERFORMANCE CARS.
   ESCAPE TO LUXURY.
   FAST, YOUNG, AND FULL OF FUN.
   FIREBIRD 1970.
   LET YOUR FINGERS FIND YOUR PROSPECTS.
   THE 1970 ESCAPE MACHINES.
   THE 1970 OLDS INTERMEDIATES ARE OFF THE PAD.
   1970, THE PEOPLE WAGONS.
   ONCE UPON A MEMORY BANK.
   OPENERS FOR CLOSING 1970 TRUCK SALES.
   OPERATION: CONQUER.
   PRESCRIPTION FOR RV SALES.
   SALES POWER AT YOUR FINGERTIPS.
   SERIES 71 DETROIT DIESEL ENGINES SELLING FACTS.
   SHOWDOWN.
   SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.
   STEP ASIDE, MOUNTAINS & COMPETITION.
   THIS IS THE WAY IT'S GOING TO BE.
   TWO TICKETS TO CLASS.
   WHAT MAKES A PONTIAC A PONTIAC.

 Handy (Jam) Organization, Inc.
   BASICS OF THE FIRST PERSONAL INTERVIEW, BASICS OF THE TELEPHONE
      REFERENCE CHECK, BASICS OF THE SECOND PERSONAL INTERVIEW.
   COMMITMENT TO COMPETE.
   DOAKES' DILEMMA.
   IT'S THE BUYERS CHOICE.
   [1970 SALES PLANNING CONFERENCE]
   VALUE RATED USED CAR MERCHANDISING.

 Handy (Jam) Productions.
   GETTING THE JOB DONE.
   HOME IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT.
   KELSTAR DISC BRAKES FOR TRUCKS.
   RX 15369 IN PUERTO RICO.
   V-8 POWER.
   WHO CARES? THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE APPLIANCES CARE.

 Handy (Jam) School Service, Inc.
   ART IN ANCIENT LANDS.
   ARTISTS AT WORK.
   AUTOMOTIVE TECHNICIAN.
   THE HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN SERIES.
   OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE.
   SING-A-SONG OF CLEANLINESS.
   YOUNG ARTISTS OF THE WORLD.

 Hanna-Barbera Productions, Inc.
   JONNY QUEST.

 Harbour-UTV.
   IRONSIDE.

 Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc.
   HARCOURT-BRACE PROGRAMS FOR COMPUTER-ASSISTED INSTRUCTION.

 Harlow, William M.
   TREES.

 Harris, Eugene V.
   SOUTHERN SOUTH AMERICA.

 Harris, Fran.
   COMMUNICATING FACE-TO-FACE.
   HOW TO HANDLE COMPLAINTS.
   HOW TO LISTEN MORE EFFECTIVELY.

 Harris-Tuchman Productions, Inc.
   COMMUNICATING FACE-TO-FACE.
   HOW TO HANDLE COMPLAINTS.
   HOW TO LISTEN MORE EFFECTIVELY.

 Hartkopf, Robert.
   CRY OF THE MARCH.

 Harvest Films, Inc.
   THE SHIELD.

 Hawthorne, Nathaniel.
   DR. HEIDEGGER'S EXPERIMENT.

 Hazen, Joseph H.
   NORWOOD.

 Hearst Corp. King Features Syndicate Division.
   SEE King Features Syndicate

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)
   SCREEN NEWS DIGEST.

 Hecht, Ben.
   GAILY, GAILY.

 Heffernan-Cabrera, Patricia.
   AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

 Hegg, E. A.
   THE GOLD RUSH, ALASKA: THE KLONDIKE 1897-98.

 Henschel, Steven A.
   SISTERS.

 Heriat, Philippe.
   ROSIE.

 Hershberger, Edward.
   ON MY HONOR.

 Hewitt, Coleman.
   WOODWORKING: PORTABLE POWER TOOLS.

 High School Geography Project, Association of American Geographers.
   SEE Association of American Geographers. High School Geography
      Project.

 Himes, Chester.
   COTTON COMES TO HARLEM.

 Hines, William.
   THE STORY OF THE FIRST LUNAR LANDING.

 Holland-Wegman Productions, Inc.
   INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE--SCIENCE OF SURVIVAL.

 Holt, John B., Jr.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

 Hooker, Richard.
   MASH.

 Horizon Productions.
   SEXUAL FREEDOM IN DENMARK.

 Horlicks Corp.
   [TRAINERS BOOST TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Hough, Stanley L.
   THE UNDEFEATED.

 Humble Oil & Refining Co.
   IN THE PATH OF HISTORY: THE SS MANHATTAN.

 Hungerford, Harold.
   WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

 Hunt, Richard F.
   INTRODUCING GENETICS.

 Hunter (Ross) Productions, Inc.
   ROSIE.

 Hurt, Orville.
   BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA.


                                   I

 Imperial Film Co., Inc.
   AFRICAN FOLK TALES.
   EXPLORING THE SACRED MAYAN WELL.
   MAN REACHES THE MOON.
   OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.
   WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety, Washington, D.C.
   LOW-SPEED CAR CRASH COSTS.

 Inter/Media Instructional Systems, Inc.
   OBSERVING AND INFERRING: THE BALLOON BOX.

 International Assn. of Chiefs of Police, Inc.
   SOME TO DEMONSTRATE, SOME TO DESTROY.

 International Book Corp.
   EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.
   MIDDLE AMERICA.
   VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

 International Business Machines Corp.
   ADDRESS MODIFICATION.
   ARITHMETIC OPERATIONS.
   AUTOCODER.
   CENTRAL STORAGE.
   COMPARE AND BRANCH OPERATIONS.
   COMPONENTS.
   CONTROL INSTRUCTIONS.
   DATA FILE ORGANIZATION.
   DATA MOVEMENT.
   EDITING, Pt. 1 AND 2, UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, Pt. 1.
   FIXED POINT OPERATIONS--ADDITION/SUBTRACTION.
   FIXED POINT OPERATIONS--MULTIPLICATION/DIVISION.
   FIXED POINT OPERATIONS--SHIFTING.
   FLOATING POINT CONCEPTS.
   FLOATING POINT OPERATIONS, SINGLE PRECISION AND FLOATING POINT
      OPERATIONS, DOUBLE PRECISION.
   1410 DATA FLOW AND INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER.
   A GATHERING OF ONE.
   HARDWARE OVERVIEW; CONTROL UNIT FUNCTION.
   IBJOB.
   IBSYS OPERATING SYSTEM.
   IOCS.
   I/O CONCEPTS.
   I TIME.
   INDEXING.
   INDEXING, PT. 4 AND SUBROUTINES, Pt. 1.
   INPUT/OUTPUT CONCEPTS.
   INTRODUCTION TO AUTOCODER.
   INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 COURSE, INTRODUCTION TO 1410/7010 SYSTEMS &
      INTRODUCTION TO PROCESSING.
   INTRODUCTION TO IOCS & IOCS.
   INTRODUCTION TO INSTRUCTIONS.
   INTRODUCTION TO MANAGEMENT SCIENCE.
   LOGIC OPERATIONS.
   LOGICAL OPERATIONS.
   MAGNETIC TAPE CONCEPTS.
   MAGNETIC TAPE CONSIDERATIONS.

   MAP PROGRAMMING SYSTEM.
   MISCELLANEOUS OPERATIONS.
   OBJECT CODING.
   PROCESSING CONTROL OPERATIONS.
   PROCESSING CONTROL OPERATIONS, Pt. 1 AND INDEXING, PT. 2.
   PROGRAMMING TECHNIQUES.
   SENSE INDICATE REGISTER OPERATIONS.
   7090/94 INTRODUCTION AND 7090/94 HARDWARE.
   SUBROUTINE LINKAGE.
   SUBROUTINES.
   SWITCHES.
   TABLE LOOKUP.
   TAPE CHARACTERISTICS AND MAIN MEMORY.
   UNIT RECORD INPUT/OUTPUT, PT. 3; I/O CHANNEL STATUS INDICATORS.
   ZONED ADDRESS.

 International Communications Services, Inc.
   A DEMONSTRATION OF THE CV 2600 VTR.

 International Film Bureau.
   TREES.

 Iowa. State University of Science & Technology, Ames.
   TWO WITH BACON.

 Iowa. State University of Science & Technology, Ames. Film Production
    Unit.
   TWO WITH BACON.

 Iowa Pork Producers Assn.
   TWO WITH BACON.

 Irwin, Charles H.
   EXPLORING THE SACRED MAYAN WELL.


                                   J

 Jackson, Bettina B.
   ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

 Jackson, Daniel F.
   ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.

 Jackson, Shirley.
   THE LOTTERY.

 Jacobson, A. L.
   COBOL COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE.

 Jacobson, Janet.
   A GIFT FOR SAINT MICHAELS.

 Jacobson, Leon.
   THE ART AND ARCHITECTURE OF MEDIEVAL FRANCE.

 Jalem Productions, Inc.
   THE OUT OF TOWNERS.

 James, Ed.
   FATHER KNOWS BEST.

 Jaxon-Bauer.
   LE MORT.

 Jericho Productions, Inc.
   FEARLESS FRANK.

 Jet X Corp.
   [JET X TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Jobin, Antoine.
   LE TRICORNE.

 Johanna Productions.
   WATERMELON MAN.

 Johnson, Ellsworth R.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF BIOLOGY.

 Jones, Mervyn.
   JOHN AND MARY.

 Jones, Reginald J.
   AGED.

 Joshua Tree Productions, Inc.
   BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.
   MIDDLE AMERICA.
   RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.

 Jott Films.
   ARITHMETIC REVIEW SERIES.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   OCEANOGRAPHY: THE STUDY OF OCEANS.


                                   K

 KDI Forera Corp.
   HELPFUL SIGNS.

 Kaicher, S. D.
   AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

 Kalmia Co.
   MEASURING VOLUMES OF SOLIDS AND LIQUIDS.
   PIPETTING 1, CLEANING AND USING A TRANSFER PIPET.
   PIPETTING 2, GRADUATED PIPET AND 3-VALVE BULB.
   TITRATION.
   WEIGHING 1, BALANCE CONSTRUCTION AND WEIGHING AN OBJECT.
   WEIGHING 2, WEIGHING OUT SUBSTANCES.

 Kane, Harry.
   AFRICAN MASK AND DANCE.

 Kazan, Elia.
   THE ARRANGEMENT.

 Keefe, William F.
   DWIGHT DAVID EISENHOWER, 1890-1969, 34TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
      STATES.

 Keehn, Muriel M.
   THE BRAILLE EXPERIMENT.

 Keitz & Herndon, Inc.
   JOT.

 Keller, Donald L.
   BASIC COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE.

 Kelley, Marion.
   ATLANTA'S BEHOLD THE MAN.

 Kelsey-Hayes Co.
   KELSTAR DISC BRAKES FOR TRUCKS.

 Kennaway, James.
   BROTHERLY LOVE.

 Kennedy, Jay Richard.
   THE CHAIRMAN.

 Kimbo Educational Records, Inc.
   BEGINNING SELF DEFENSE FOR GIRLS AND WOMEN.

 Kincaid, Mary.
   [THE BEGGAR]
   LE TRICORNE.

 King (Allan) Associates, Ltd.
   THE CHANGING WORLD OF CHARLES DICKENS.
   MEDIEVAL ENGLAND: THE PEASANTS' REVOLT.

 King Broadcasting Co.
   THE CRAB FISHERMAN.
   THE DAY GRANDPA DIED.
   THE FAMILY IN THE PURPLE HOUSE.
   GARBAGE.
   GRANDMA LIVES IN OUR HOUSE.
   HEY, CAB.
   LET'S LEARN LANGUAGE.
   ME AND MY SENSES.
   MEN AT BAY.
   THE REBELS/271: ECOLOGY OF DESIGN.
   THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR.
   THE TREEHOUSE.

 King Features Syndicate.
   IT'S A GREAT LIFE. (R)

 King Screen Productions.
   THE CRAB FISHERMAN.
   THE DAY GRANDPA DIED.
   THE FAMILY IN THE PURPLE HOUSE.
   GARBAGE.
   GRANDMA LIVES IN OUR HOUSE.
   HEY, CAB.
   ME AND MY SENSES.
   MEN AT BAY.
   THE REBELS/271: ECOLOGY OF DESIGN.
   THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR.

 Kingsley, Michael.
   SHADOW OVER ELVERON.

 Kirk, Louis.
   THE GOLD RUSH, ALASKA: THE KLONDIKE 1897-98.
   PHILIPPINES: LUZON TRAVELOGUE.
   RURAL JAPAN TODAY.

 Knapp Bros. Shoe Manufacturing Corp.
   TELL IT LIKE IT IS.

 Knight, Christopher G.
   OUR WORLD NEIGHBORS: JAPAN.

 Knox Reeves Advertising, Inc.
   [GRAIN BELT BEER COMMERCIALS]

 Koehler, George.
   IT'S UP TO YOU.

 Kohner, Frederick.
   GIDGET GROWS UP.

 Kolb, Ken.
   GETTING STRAIGHT.

 Koningsberger, Hans.
   A WALK WITH LOVE AND DEATH.

 Krebs Productions, Inc. Cine-Mark Division.
   SEE Cine-Mark.

 Kruck, Peter H.
   ADVENTURE ON BAFFIN ISLAND.


                                   L

 Lake, Marcelle.
   CHARLIE'S NEW WORLD.

 Lakewood Center, Wash. Clover Park School District 400.
   THE GOLD RUSH, ALASKA: THE KLONDIKE 1897-98.
   PHILIPPINES: LUZON TRAVELOGUE.
   RURAL JAPAN TODAY.

 LaMattery, Jerry.
   INTRODUCTION TO WRITING.

 LaMattery, Jerry.
   READING.

 Language Strips.
   [THE BEGGAR]
   LE TRICORNE.

 Lansburgh, Larry.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   AIR RAID WARDEN. (R)
   COW-COW BOOGIE. (R)
   THE SCREWBALL. (R)

 Las Cruces Productions.
   THE WITCHMAKER.

 Lasse (Fred) Productions.
   CHEMICAL CHANGE: COMBINATION AND SEPARATION.
   PHYSICAL CHANGE: STATES AND MIXTURES.

 Laurentiis (Dino de) Cinematografica, S.P.A.
   DANGER: DIABOLIK.

 Lavagnino, John D.
   PASS DRIBBLE SHOOT.

 Lawrence, David Herbert.
   WOMEN IN LOVE.

 Learning Co. of America.
   THE CHANGING WORLD OF CHARLES DICKENS.
   GALILEO: THE CHALLENGE OF REASON.
   MEDIEVAL ENGLAND: THE PEASANTS' REVOLT.

 Learning Corp. of America.
   CHARLEMAGNE: HOLY BARBARIAN.
   THE CRUSADES: SAINTS AND SINNERS.
   GALILEO: THE CHALLENGE OF REASON.
   HITLER: ANATOMY OF A DICTATORSHIP.
   TRUMAN AND THE ATOMIC BOMB.
   TRUMAN AND THE COLD WAR.
   TRUMAN AND THE KOREAN WAR.
   TRUMAN AND THE USES OF POWER.

 Le Carre, John.
   THE LOOKING GLASS WAR.

 Leggo, Christopher.
   LE MORT.

 Lehn & Fink Consumer Products Division, Sterling Drug, Inc.
   SEE Sterling Drug, Inc. Lehn & Fink Consumer Products Division.

 Lepthien, Emilie U.
   CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.

 Leslie, David Stuart.
   TWO GENTLEMEN SHARING.

 Levinson, Richard.
   PRESCRIPTION: MURDER.

 Lewis, Arthur H.
   THE MOLLY MAGUIRES.

 Liberation Co.
   THE LIBERATION OF L. B. JONES.

 Lindquist, Rita E.
   LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.

 Lindsay, Norman.
   AGE OF CONSENT.

 Link, William.
   PRESCRIPTION: MURDER.

 Lippitt, Gordon L.
   ORGANIZATION RENEWAL.

 Lipton (Thomas J.) Inc.
   THE LIPTON PEOPLE.

 Loew's, Inc.
   ABOVE SUSPICION. (R)
   AIR RAID WARDENS. (R)
   ASSIGNMENT IN BRITTANY. (R)
   BAH WILDERNESS. (R)
   BARNEY BEAR'S VICTORY GARDEN. (R)
   BATAAN. (R)
   BENJAMIN FRANKLIN, JR. (R)
   THE BOY AND THE WOLF. (R)
   BRIEF INTERVAL. (R)
   CABIN IN THE SKY. (R)
   CALLING ALL KIDS. (R)
   DR. GILLESPIE'S CRIMINAL CASE. (R)
   DOG-HOUSE. (R)
   DU BARRY WAS A LADY. (R)
   DUMB-HOUNDED. (R)
   FALA. (R)
   FAMILY TROUBLES. (R)
   FARM HANDS. (R)
   FIRST AID. (R)
   HARRIGAN'S KID. (R)
   HEAVENLY MUSIC. (R)
   HERE AT HOME. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD DAREDEVILS. (R)
   THE HUMAN COMEDY. (R)
   INCA GOLD. (R)
   LAND OF ORIZABA. (R)
   THE LAST LESSON. (R)
   THE LONESOME MOUSE. (R)
   MARINES IN THE MAKING. (R)
   MEMORIES OF AUSTRALIA. (R)
   MEXICAN POLICE ON PARADE. (R)
   MIGHTY NIAGARA. (R)
   PEOPLE OF RUSSIA. (R)
   PILOT NO. 5. (R)
   PLAN FOR DESTRUCTION. (R)
   PORTRAIT OF A GENIUS. (R)
   PRESENTING LILY MARS. (R)
   RED HOT RIDING HOOD. (R)
   ROMANTIC NEVADA. (R)
   SCENIC OREGON. (R)
   SKY SCIENCE. (R)
   SLIGHTLY DANGEROUS. (R)
   SUFFERIN' CATS. (R)
   SWING SHIFT MAISIE. (R)
   TENNESSEE JOHNSON. (R)
   THAT'S WHY I LEFT YOU. (R)
   THREE HEARTS FOR JULIA. (R)
   WHO KILLED WHO. (R)
   WILD HORSES. (R)
   WOOD GOES TO WAR. (R)
   THE YOUNGEST PROFESSION. (R)

 Logan, Ben.
   GREEN WHISTLES CAN'T SING GLORY TO GOD.

 Longstreet, Stephen.
   PLAYHOUSE 90.

 Look/Listen & Learn, Inc.
   BLACK LEADERS OF TWENTIETH CENTURY AMERICA.
   EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE NON-WESTERN WORLD.
   MIDDLE AMERICA.
   RIGHTS & RESPONSIBILITIES.
   VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF LITERATURE: LOVE AND FAMILY.

 Lopert Pictures Corp.
   LISTEN, LET'S MAKE LOVE.
   SKAMMEN.
   LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT.

 Low, Mrs. Richard.
   GREEN WHISTLES CAN'T SING GLORY TO GOD.

 Lumet (Sidney) Productions, Inc.
   THE LAST OF THE MOBILE HOTSHOTS.


                                   M

 MCA-TV.
   COMPANIONS IN NIGHTMARE.
   DRAGNET 1969.
   ESCAPE TO MINDANAO.
   IRONSIDE.
   ISTANBUL EXPRESS.
   IT TAKES A THIEF.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.
   NOW YOU SEE IT, NOW YOU DON'T.
   THE OUTSIDER.
   SHADOW OVER ELVERON.
   SOMETHING FOR A LONELY MAN.
   THE SOUND OF ANGER.
   STRANGER ON THE RUN.
   THE SUNSHINE PATRIOT.
   THE VIRGINIAN.

 MSM Enterprises.
   FIREBOMBS.

 McCallister, Paul B.
   HOW YOUR BANK SERVES YOU.

 McCloskey, Robert.
   LENTIL.

 McDaniel, Danny L.
   USE YOUR DUPLICATOR.

 McDowell, Gordon.
   THE EXECUTIONER.

 McGee, Mark Thomas.
   EQUINOX.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.
   BENDING SHEET METAL.
   CAPPING A CYLINDER.
   CUTTING WITH AVIATION SNIPS.
   CUTTING WITH TIN SNIPS.
   FASTENING WITH BLIND RIVETS.
   FASTENING WITH SHEET METAL SCREWS.
   THE FLAT BLADE SCREW DRIVER.
   FORMING A FLAT SLIP.
   FORMING A PITTSBURGH LOCK.
   FORMING AN OUTSIDE GROOVE SEAM.
   FORMING LAP SEAMS.
   HEAT AND TEMPERATURE.
   INSTALLING A PISTON ASSEMBLY IN A CYLINDER.
   JOBS AND ADVANCEMENT: ON THE MOVE.
   JOBS AND THEIR ENVIRONMENTS: ON THE JOB.
   JOBS FOR WOMEN: WHERE ARE YOU GOING, VIRGINIA.
   JOBS IN THE WORLD OF WORK: A GOOD PLACE TO BE.
   LAYING OUT RADII.
   LAYOUT USING THE MARKING GAGE.
   MAKING A DOVETAILED JOINT.
   MAKING A HOLE WITH THE KNOCKOUT PUNCH.
   MAKING A SINGLE SEAM.
   MAKING HOLES WITH THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.
   ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.
   PEARY AND HENSON: NORTH TO THE POLE.
   THE PHILLIPS HEAD SCREW DRIVER.
   READING: DIRECTED LESSONS.
   REMOVING A RIVET.
   RULES AND PLANS.
   SCHOOL WORKERS.
   SEQUENTIAL LEARNING SERIES ON FUNDAMENTAL NURSING.
   SETTING RIVETS.
   SETTING UP THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.
   SHEET METAL RIVETS.
   SOLDERING A SEAM.
   THE SOVIET UNION: FARMING THE COLLECTIVE WAY.
   THE SOVIET UNION: LIFE IN MOSCOW.
   THE SOVIET UNION: MEN, MINERALS, AND MACHINERY.
   SUN, EARTH, AND MOON.
   TINNING A SOLDERING COPPER.
   USING A COLD CHISEL TO MAKE A CUT OUT.
   USING LOCKING PLIERS.
   USING THE ELECTRIC DRILL.
   WIRING EDGES.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.
   PROGRAMMED READING.
   STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES.
   JOBS IN THE WORLD OF WORK: A GOOD PLACE TO BE.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: SERVICE WORKERS.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: WATER AND SEWAGE.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   AGRICULTURE AND INDUSTRY.
   ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES.
   BENDING SHEET METAL.
   CAPPING A CYLINDER.
   CUTTING WITH AVIATION SNIPS.
   CUTTING WITH TIN SNIPS.
   FASTENING WITH BLIND RIVETS.
   FASTENING WITH SHEET METAL SCREWS.
   THE FLAT BLADE SCREW DRIVER.
   FORMING A FLAT SLIP.
   FORMING A PITTSBURGH LOCK.
   FORMING AN OUTSIDE GROOVE SEAM.
   FORMING LAP SEAMS.
   HEAT AND TEMPERATURE.
   INSTALLING A PISTON ASSEMBLY IN A CYLINDER.
   JOBS AND ADVANCEMENT: ON THE MOVE.
   JOBS AND THEIR ENVIRONMENTS: ON THE JOB.
   JOBS FOR WOMEN: WHERE ARE YOU GOING, VIRGINIA.
   JOBS IN THE WORLD OF WORK: A GOOD PLACE TO BE.
   LAYING OUT RADII.
   LAYOUT USING THE MARKING GAGE.
   MAKING A DOVETAILED JOINT.
   MAKING A HOLE WITH THE KNOCKOUT PUNCH.
   MAKING A SINGLE SEAM.
   MAKING HOLES WITH THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.
   ORAL COMMUNICATIONS.
   PEARY AND HENSON: NORTH TO THE POLE.
   THE PHILLIPS HEAD SCREW DRIVER.
   READING: DIRECTED LESSONS.
   REMOVING A RIVET.
   RULES AND PLANS.
   SCHOOL WORKERS.
   SEQUENTIAL LEARNING SERIES ON FUNDAMENTAL NURSING.
   SETTING RIVETS.
   SETTING UP THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.
   SHEET METAL RIVETS.
   SOLDERING A SEAM.
   THE SOVIET UNION: FARMING THE COLLECTIVE WAY.
   THE SOVIET UNION: LIFE IN MOSCOW.
   THE SOVIET UNION: MEN, MINERALS, AND MACHINERY.
   STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.
   SUN, EARTH, AND MOON.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: GAS.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: GETTING GOODS AND SERVICES.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: MANUFACTURING.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: POSTAL.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: SERVICE WORKERS.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: WATER AND SEWAGE.
   TINNING A SOLDERING COPPER.
   USING A COLD CHISEL TO MAKE A CUT OUT.
   USING LOCKING PLIERS.
   USING THE ELECTRIC DRILL.
   WIRING EDGES.

 McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
   ASIAN WORLD GEOGRAPHY SERIES.
   BENDING SHEET METAL.
   CAPPING A CYLINDER.
   CUTTING WITH AVIATION SNIPS.
   CUTTING WITH TIN SNIPS.
   DIRECTIONS.
   FASTENING WITH BLIND RIVETS.
   FASTENING WITH SHEET METAL SCREWS.
   THE FLAT BLADE SCREW DRIVER.
   FORMING A FLAT SLIP.
   FORMING A PITTSBURGH LOCK.
   FORMING AN OUTSIDE GROOVE SEAM.
   FORMING LAP SEAMS.
   JOBS AND ADVANCEMENT: ON THE MOVE.
   JOBS AND THEIR ENVIRONMENTS: ON THE JOB.
   LAYING OUT RADII.
   LAYOUT USING THE MARKING GAGE.
   MAKING A DOVETAILED JOINT.
   MAKING A HOLE WITH THE KNOCKOUT PUNCH.
   MAKING A SINGLE SEAM.
   MAKING HOLES WITH THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.
   PEARY AND HENSON: NORTH TO THE POLE.
   THE PHILLIPS HEAD SCREW DRIVER.
   REMOVING A RIVET.
   SETTING RIVETS.
   SETTING UP THE SMALL HAND PUNCH.
   SHEET METAL RIVETS.
   SOLDERING A SEAM.
   SUN, EARTH, AND MOON.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: GAS.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: GETTING GOODS AND SERVICES.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: MANUFACTURING.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: POSTAL.
   TINNING A SOLDERING COPPER.
   USING A COLD CHISEL TO MAKE A CUT OUT.
   USING LOCKING PLIERS.
   USING THE ELECTRIC DRILL.
   WIRING EDGES.

 McLaughlin, Roberta.
   CHILDREN'S SONGS OF MEXICO.
   FOLK SONGS OF AFRICA.
   FOLK SONGS OF ISRAEL.
   SONGS OF OUR PACIFIC NEIGHBORS.

 McLellan, Alden, IV.
   WINTER SUNDAY.

 Macmillan Co.
   ADDITION OF INTEGERS.
   AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.
   CONGRUENCE.
   A DISTRIBUTIVE PRINCIPLE.
   DIVISION.
   EXPONENTS.
   FRACTIONAL PARTS.
   INVERSE OPERATIONS.
   LOCATING AN AIRPLANE IN FLIGHT.
   LOGIC: AND--OR.
   MEASURING LENGTHS.
   MOTION GEOMETRY: REFLECTIONS.
   MOTION GEOMETRY: ROTATIONS.
   MOTION GEOMETRY: TRANSLATIONS.
   MULTIPLICATION.
   PLACE VALUE.
   PYTHAGOREAN RELATIONS.
   SYMMETRY.
   TOPOLOGY.
   USING A COMPASS.
   VOLUME.

 McMurray, Deloyce.
   COBOL COMPUTER PROGRAMMING LANGUAGE.

 Maddux, Rachel.
   A WALK IN THE SPRING RAIN.

 Mandlin, Harvey.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES I-III.

 Mantell (Harold) Inc.
   THE INNER WORLD OF JORGE LUIS BORGES.
   TODDLERS AND INDIANS.
   YEVTUSHENKO: A POET'S JOURNEY.

 Marathon International Productions, Inc.
   WHERE IT'S AT.

 Marianne Productions.
   DANGER: DIABOLIK.

 Maristany, Eric.
   BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

 Mark VII, Ltd.
   DRAGNET.
   DRAGNET 1969.

 Marketing Training Dept., Chrysler Institute.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Marsh Film Enterprises.
   FOODS: WHERE DO THEY COME FROM.
   A JOURNEY INTO SPACE.
   PETS ARE FUN.
   THE PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE.

 Marx, Sue.
   BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

 Massey-Ferguson, Inc.
   V-8 POWER.

 Masterson, Joseph L.
   BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

 Matela, Stephen.
   BULLETIN BOARDS.

 Mathematical Sciences Group, Inc.
   FUNCTIONS AND FORMULAS.
   WHY DO WE NEED LIMITS.

 Matthews, William H., III.
   [AN INTRODUCTION TO FOSSILS]

 Mead Corp.
   THE NEW MAN.

 Media Artists, Inc.
   MOOG.

 Medical Films, Inc.
   THE INTRUDERS, CESTODES.

 Mendelson (Lee) Film Productions, Inc.
   COME TO YOUR SENSES.
   HOT DOG.
   IT COULDN'T BE DONE.
   THE UNEXPLAINED.

 Merck & Co., Inc.
   TO DRENCH A SHEEP.

 Merry, Bennett E.
   BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   ABOVE SUSPICION. (R)
   AIR RAID WARDENS. (R)
   ASSIGNMENT IN BRITTANY. (R)
   BAH WILDERNESS. (R)
   BARNEY BEAR'S VICTORY GARDEN. (R)
   BATAAN. (R)
   BENJAMIN FRANKLIN, JR. (R)
   THE BOY AND THE WOLF. (R)
   BRIEF INTERVAL. (R)
   BROTHERLY LOVE.
   CABIN IN THE SKY. (R)
   CALLING ALL KIDS. (R)
   CAPTAIN NEMO AND THE UNDERWATER CITY.
   DR. GILLESPIE'S CRIMINAL CASE. (R)
   DOG-HOUSE. (R)
   DU BARRY WAS A LADY. (R)
   DUMB-HOUNDED. (R)
   FALA. (R)
   FAMILY TROUBLES. (R)
   FARM HANDS. (R)
   FIRST AID. (R)
   THE FIVE MAN ARMY.
   HARRIGAN'S KID. (R)
   HEAVENLY MUSIC. (R)
   HERE AT HOME. (R)
   HOLLYWOOD DAREDEVILS. (R)
   THE HUMAN COMEDY. (R)
   INCA GOLD. (R)
   LAND OF ORIZABA. (R)
   THE LAST LESSON. (R)
   THE LONESOME MOUSE. (R)
   MARINES IN THE MAKING. (R)
   MEMORIES OF AUSTRALIA. (R)
   MEXICAN POLICE ON PARADE. (R)
   MIGHTY NIAGARA. (R)
   PEOPLE OF RUSSIA. (R)
   PILOT NO. 5. (R)
   PLAN FOR DESTRUCTION. (R)
   PORTRAIT OF A GENIUS. (R)
   PRESENTING LILY MARS. (R)
   RED HOT RIDING HOOD. (R)
   ROMANTIC NEVADA. (R)
   SCENIC OREGON. (R)
   SKY SCIENCE. (R)
   SLIGHTLY DANGEROUS. (R)
   SUFFERIN' CATS. (R)
   SWING SHIFT MAISIE. (R)
   TENNESSEE JOHNSON. (R)
   THAT'S WHY I LEFT YOU. (R)
   THREE HEARTS FOR JULIA. (R)
   WHO KILLED WHO. (R)
   WILD HORSES. (R)
   WOOD GOES TO WAR. (R)
   THE YOUNGEST PROFESSION. (R)
   ZIG ZAG.

 Metropolitan Baseball Club, Inc.
   THE AMAZIN' METS '69.

 Mettler Studios.
   THE ART OF BODY MOVEMENT.

 Meyer, Paul.
   WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

 Michener, James A.
   THE HAWAIIANS.

 Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn., Denver.
   [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Miles, Bernard.
   LOCK UP YOUR DAUGHTERS.

 Milner-Fenwick, Inc.
   DENTAL ASSISTANT.
   STARTING TOMORROW.

 Mine Safety Appliances Co.
   ON TOP OF THE PROS.

 Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng.
   DUNE BUG.
   FLYING FEET.
   THE FROGGY FROGGY DUO.
   HASTY BUT TASTY.
   HAWKS AND DOVES.
   IN HURTS AND FLOWERS.
   I'VE GOT ANTS IN MY PLANS.
   ODD ANT OUT.
   SCRATCH A TIGER.
   SWEET AND SOURDOUGH.

 Mirisch-Geoffrey-DePatie-Freleng.
   SLINK PINK.
   THINK BEFORE YOU PINK.
   UNSAFE AND SEINE.

 Mirisch Productions, Inc.
   GAILY, GAILY.
   HALLS OF ANGER.
   THE HAWAIIANS.

 Mobil Oil Corp.
   GETTING THE JOB DONE.

 Monsour, Sally.
   FOLK SONGS OF THE ARAB WORLD.

 Montgomery College, Takoma Park, Md.
   A DAY WITH BLACKSTONE, CROMWELL, AND DOUGLAS.

 Montgomery Community College, Takoma Park, Md.
   THE AIR TABLE.
   CHAUCER'S ENGLAND.
   DOORS.
   RUBBER DAM.
   WHEELS OF FORTUNE.
   THE WOMANLY ART.

 Montgomery County, Pa. Citizens' Council.
   NO ROOM IN THE SUBURBS.

 Moonlake Productions, Inc.
   BOOM.

 Moran, Joseph A.
   THE MICROMETER CALIPER.

 Morgan, Judith.
   TEACH WITH FILMSTRIPS.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF SOUND.

 Morgan, Murray.
   THE GOLD RUSH, ALASKA: THE KLONDIKE 1897-98.

 Morningside Pictures Corp.
   LAND RAIDERS.

 Mortimer, John.
   A FLEA IN HER EAR.

 Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.
   BATTERY SERVICE.
   DIVORCE.
   FACTORING.
   INTERFAITH MARRIAGES AND THEIR EFFECT ON CHILDREN.
   INTRODUCTION TO WRITING.
   OFFICE MACHINES.
   PLASTIC FILLER REPAIR.
   POSTURE.
   PREALIGNMENT CHECKS.
   READING.
   TEMPO, DYNAMICS, AND TONE COLOR.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   BATTERY SERVICE.
   DIVORCE.
   FACTORING.
   INTERFAITH MARRIAGES AND THEIR EFFECT ON CHILDREN.
   INTRODUCTION TO WRITING.
   OFFICE MACHINES.
   PLASTIC FILLER REPAIR.
   POSTURE.
   PREALIGNMENT CHECKS.
   READING.
   TEMPO, DYNAMICS, AND TONE COLOR.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   THE CEDAR TREES.
   WINGS IN THE GRAND CANYON.

 Multi-Ways Educational Films, Inc.
   COLUMBIA.

 Munk, Burton M.
   BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA.

 Murray, Warren.
   GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

 Murray, William J.
   INOCULATING TECHNIQUES.
   WET MOUNT TECHNIQUES: POND WATER.


                                   N

 NOVO. Audio Productions Division.
   SEE Audio Productions.

 Nash, Ogden.
   THE TALE OF CUSTARD THE DRAGON.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   FIRST TUESDAY.
   PROJECT TWENTY.
   SAHARA: LA CARAVANE DU SEL.
   THE WEST OF CHARLES RUSSELL.
   WHO KILLED LAKE ERIE.
   THE YEAR OF THE MAYORS.

 National Educational Television & Radio Center.
   APPALACHIA: RICH LAND, POOR PEOPLE.

 National Geographic Society, Washington, D.C.
   HOLLAND AGAINST THE SEA.
   SIBERIA: THE ENDLESS HORIZON.
   WILD RIVER.

 National Learning Productions, Inc.
   HOW YOUR BANK SERVES YOU.

 National Society for the Prevention of Blindness.
   THE SHIELD.

 National Spiritual Assembly of the Baha'is of the United States.
   A NEW WIND.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   CARNIVAL IN BRAZIL. (R)
   THE FIGHTING SPIRIT. (R)
   HANDS OF VICTORY. (R)
   HANDS OF WOMEN. (R)
   HEDDA HOPPER'S HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   HERO WORSHIP. (R)
   JASPER AND THE WATERMELONS. (R)
   JOHNNY "SCAT" DAVIS AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   KEEPING IN SHAPE. (R)
   LET 'EM GO ALIVE. (R)
   LURE OF THE SURF. (R)
   THE MCFARLAND TWINS AND THEIR ORCHESTRA. (R)
   PARACHUTE ATHLETES. (R)
   PERSONALITY! PLUS. (R)
   THE RAVEN. (R)
   THE SKY PRINCESS. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS AND THEIR FAMILIES. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE CIRCUS. (R)
   SPORTS I.Q. (R)
   TIMBER ATHLETES. (R)
   TIMING IS EVERYTHING. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS. (R)

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc. Repix, Inc. Subsidiary.
   SEE Repix, Inc.

 Nautilus Productions, Ltd.
   AGE OF CONSENT.

 Nelson, Harold.
   THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.

 Nelson, James.
   GENERAL EISENHOWER ON THE MILITARY CHURCHILL.

 Nelson (James) Productions.
   GENERAL EISENHOWER ON THE MILITARY CHURCHILL.

 New England Travel Corp.
   A SUMMER TO REMEMBER.

 New York Times Co.
   THE ALIENATED AMERICAN.
   THE AMERICANIZATION OF EUROPE.
   THE RIGHT TO STRIKE.
   SLAVERY AND SLAVE RESISTANCE.
   SQUANDERED RESOURCES.

 New York Zoological Society.
   MISSION NARWHAL.

 Newman-Foreman Co., Inc.
   WINNING.

 Newsweek, Inc.
   ONE WEEK.

 90 Greene Productions.
   A DIVERS DISSERTATION ON DIVING.

 Nolan, Roy.
   YOU CAN'T GROW A GREEN PLANT IN A CLOSET.

 Norman, Floyd.
   SLAVERY: AMERICA'S PECULIAR INSTITUTION.

 North Productions, Inc.
   PREMIERE.

 Nulsen (David) Enterprises.
   DIMENSION.


                                   O

 Oakmont Productions, Inc.
   THE 1000 PLANE RAID.

 Oates Learning Materials.
   BULLETIN BOARDS.
   FLAT PICTURES.
   NEED FOR INSTRUCTIONAL MATERIALS.
   TEACH WITH FILMSTRIPS.
   USE YOUR DUPLICATOR.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF SOUND.

 O'Kane, Cornelius J.
   BLACK POLITICAL POWER.

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.

 Olin. Winchester-Western Division.
   SKEET WELL.

 O'Neal, Richard.
   AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY.

 Open Road Films, Ltd.
   THE VIRGIN SOLDIERS.

 Opti-Media Educational Materials, Inc.
   EFFECTIVE COMMUNICATIONS FOR SUPERVISORS.
   EFFECTIVE INTERRACIAL COMMUNICATIONS FOR SUPERVISORS.

 Oregon Regional Primate Research Center.
   LOCOMOTOR PATTERNS IN THE JAPANESE MACAQUES.

 O'Rourke, Frank.
   THE GREAT BANK ROBBERY.

 Owen (Don) Films.
   GALLERY, A VIEW OF TIME.


                                   P

 Pace Films, Inc.
   GENERATING AND COLLECTING GASES.
   GRAM STAINING.
   INOCULATING TECHNIQUES.
   THE MICROMETER CALIPER.
   SIMPLE STAINING TECHNIQUES.
   USING THE MICROSCOPE.
   WET MOUNT TECHNIQUES: POND WATER.

 Palomar Pictures International, Inc.
   THANK YOU ALL VERY MUCH.

 Pap Films.
   SMALL WOOD ASSEMBLAGE.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   THE AVENGERS. (R)
   DANGER: DIABOLIK.
   THE LAWYER.
   THE MOLLY MAGUIRES.
   NORWOOD.
   THE OUT OF TOWNERS.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   THE AVENGERS. (R)
   CARNIVAL IN BRAZIL. (R)
   CHINA. (R)
   DIXIE. (R)
   THE FIGHTING SPIRIT. (R)
   FIVE GRAVES TO CAIRO. (R)
   HANDS OF VICTORY. (R)
   HANDS OF WOMEN. (R)
   HAPPY GO LUCKY. (R)
   HEDDA HOPPER'S HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH GETS GLAMOUR. (R)
   HERO WORSHIP. (R)
   JASPER AND THE WATERMELONS. (R)
   JOHNNY "SCAT" DAVIS AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   KEEPING IN SHAPE. (R)
   LADY BODYGUARD. (R)
   LET 'EM GO ALIVE. (R)
   LUCKY JORDAN. (R)
   LURE OF THE SURF. (R)
   THE MCFARLAND TWINS AND THEIR ORCHESTRA. (R)
   THE MAN'S ANGLE. (R)
   MY HEART BELONGS TO DADDY. (R)
   NIGHT PLANE FROM CHUNGKING. (R)
   PARACHUTE ATHLETES. (R)
   PERSONALITY! PLUS. (R)
   THE RAVEN. (R)
   THE SKY PRINCESS. (R)
   SO PROUDLY WE HAIL. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS AND THEIR FAMILIES. (R)
   SPEAKING OF ANIMALS IN THE CIRCUS. (R)
   SPINACH FER BRITAIN. (R)
   SPORTS I.Q. (R)
   STAR SPANGLED RHYTHM. (R)
   TIMBER ATHLETES. (R)
   TIMING IS EVERYTHING. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATIONS. (R)

 Parke, Davis & Co.
   RX 15369 IN PUERTO RICO.

 Parker Hannifin Corp.
   QUICK COUPLINGS AND RELATED PRODUCTS.

 Parker Hannifin Corp. Training Dept.
   QUICK COUPLINGS AND RELATED PRODUCTS.

 Parks, Gordon.
   THE LEARNING TREE.

 Pathescope Educational Films, Inc.
   THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.
   GREAT WRITERS OF THE BRITISH ISLES.

 Patterson, Reese.
   BEST READ ADS.

 Pax Films, Inc.
   HAPPY ENDING.

 Pennsylvania. State College, Edinboro.
   TO LEAD USEFUL LIVES.
   UP FRONT WITH STEPHEN CRANE.

 Perfection Form Co.
   MARK TWAIN: THE HANNIBAL YEARS.

 Petroleum Information Foundation, Inc., New York.
   DOWNSTREAM.

 Pfizer (Chas.) & Co., Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Piatti, Celestino.
   THE HAPPY OWLS.

 Plastic Coating Corp.
   LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.

 Plymouth Division, Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Plymouth Division.

 Pomes & Popcorn.
   TANGENTS.

 Pontiac Motor Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Pontiac Motor Division.

 Portis, Charles.
   NORWOOD.

 Poss, John R.
   MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.

 Potlatch Forests, Inc.
   LAST OF THE LOG DRIVES.

 Power (Jules) International Productions.
   THE SOVIET UNION: LIFE IN MOSCOW.
   THE SOVIET UNION: MEN, MINERALS, AND MACHINERY.

 Prana Productions, Inc.
   COME TO YOUR SENSES.

 Pressman Williams Enterprises, Inc.
   OUT OF IT.

 Prince, Ulysses, III.
   SLAVERY: AMERICA'S PECULIAR INSTITUTION.

 Pringle, Peter.
   NEED FOR INSTRUCTIONAL MATERIALS.

 Pro-Tel Products, Inc.
   [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Productions Artistes Associes.
   LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT.

 Produzioni Europee Associate.
   LA VIE, L'AMOUR, LA MORT.

 Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   FELLINI SATYRICON.
   LISTEN, LET'S MAKE LOVE.

 Professional Research, Inc.
   CATARACT, POST OPERATIVE.

 Pyramid Film Producers - Santa Monica.
   SKY CAPERS.

 Pyramid Pictures Corp.
   CINDERELLA SWINGS IT. (R)
   SCATTERGOOD RIDES HIGH. (R)


                                   Q

 Quality Bakers of America Cooperative, Inc.
   [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]


                                   R

 RKO General, Inc.
   THE AVENGING RIDER. (R)
   BOMBARDIER. (R)
   CAT PEOPLE. (R)
   THE FALCON STRIKES BACK. (R)
   FIGHTING FRONTIER. (R)
   FLIGHT FOR FREEDOM. (R)
   GILDERSLEEVE'S BAD DAY. (R)
   THE GREAT GILDERSLEEVE. (R)
   HITLER'S CHILDREN. (R)
   I WALKED WITH A ZOMBIE. (R)
   JOURNEY INTO FEAR. (R)
   LADIES' DAY. (R)
   THE LEOPARD MAN. (R)
   MR. LUCKY. (R)
   SAGEBRUSH LAW. (R)
   SEVEN DAYS' LEAVE. (R)
   SEVEN MILES FROM ALCATRAZ. (R)
   SQUADRON LEADER X. (R)
   THIS LAND IS MINE. (R)

 RKO Radio British Productions, Ltd.
   SQUADRON LEADER X. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   THE AVENGING RIDER. (R)
   BOMBARDIER. (R)
   CAT PEOPLE. (R)
   THE FALCON STRIKES BACK. (R)
   FIGHTING FRONTIER. (R)
   FLIGHT FOR FREEDOM. (R)
   GILDERSLEEVE'S BAD DAY. (R)
   THE GREAT GILDERSLEEVE. (R)
   HITLER'S CHILDREN. (R)
   I WALKED WITH A ZOMBIE. (R)
   JOURNEY INTO FEAR. (R)
   LADIES' DAY. (R)
   THE LEOPARD MAN. (R)
   MR. LUCKY. (R)
   SAGEBRUSH LAW. (R)
   SEVEN DAYS' LEAVE. (R)
   SEVEN MILES FROM ALCATRAZ. (R)
   THIS LAND IS MINE. (R)

 Radics, William G.
   THE DAY OF THE DUCK.

 Radio-Television Commission, Southern Baptist Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Radio-Television Commission.

 Rand McNally & Co.
   CHEMICAL CHANGE: COMBINATION AND SEPARATION.
   PHYSICAL CHANGE: STATES AND MIXTURES.

 Raybar Technical Films, Inc.
   THE BUNSEN BURNER.
   DISTILLATION.
   ELECTROLYTES.
   EVIDENCES OF CHEMICAL REACTIONS.
   FILTERING.
   POURING ACID.
   PREPARATION AND COLLECTION OF OXYGEN.
   REACTION RATE FACTORS.
   REDOX: METALS.
   REDOX: NON METALS.
   SHIFTING CHEMICAL EQUILIBRIUM.
   TITRATING.
   TRIPLE BEAM BALANCE.
   WORKING WITH GLASS TUBING.

 Raybert Productions, Inc.
   THE MONKEES.

 Regents of the University of California.
   SEE California. University. Regents.

 Regional Film Distributors, Inc.
   I'LL NEVER FORGET WHAT'S 'IS NAME.

 Renn, Ludwig.
   NOBI AND THE SLAVE TRADERS, AN AFRICAN LEGEND.

 Repix, Inc.
   THE BLOCKED TRAIL. (R)
   CARSON CITY CYCLONE. (R)
   DEAD MAN'S GULCH. (R)
   THE FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS. (R)
   FLYING TIGERS. (R)
   G-MEN VS. THE BLACK DRAGON. (R)
   HIT PARADE OF 1943. (R)
   ICE-CAPADES REVUE. (R)
   JOHNNY DOUGHBOY. (R)
   LONDON BLACKOUT MURDERS. (R)
   MOUNTAIN RHYTHM. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF PINE RIDGE. (R)
   THE PURPLE V. (R)
   SECRETS OF THE UNDERGROUND. (R)
   THE SUNDOWN KID. (R)
   TAHITI HONEY. (R)
   THUNDERING TRAILS. (R)
   THE TRAITOR WITHIN. (R)
   VALLEY OF HUNTED MEN. (R)
   YOKEL BOY. (R)

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   THE BLOCKED TRAIL. (R)
   CARSON CITY CYCLONE. (R)
   DEAD MAN'S GULCH. (R)
   THE FIGHTING DEVIL DOGS. (R)
   FLYING TIGERS. (R)
   G-MEN VS. THE BLACK DRAGON. (R)
   HIT PARADE OF 1943. (R)
   ICE-CAPADES REVUE. (R)
   JOHNNY DOUGHBOY. (R)
   LONDON BLACKOUT MURDERS. (R)
   MOUNTAIN RHYTHM. (R)
   OUTLAWS OF PINE RIDGE. (R)
   THE PURPLE V. (R)
   SECRETS OF THE UNDERGROUND. (R)
   THE SUNDOWN KID. (R)
   TAHITI HONEY. (R)
   THUNDERING TRAILS. (R)
   THE TRAITOR WITHIN. (R)
   VALLEY OF HUNTED MEN. (R)
   YOKEL BOY. (R)

 Resources for Education & Management, Inc.
   THE EVERYDAY SUPERVISORY SKILLS.
   THE SUPERVISING THE DISADVANTAGED FILMSTRIP SERIES.

 Review Educational Films, Inc.
   ADDITION FACTS OF 1-5.
   ADDITION FACTS OF 6, 7, 8, & 9.
   MORE ABOUT TEN.
   NUMBERS 11-19.
   SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 1-5.
   SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 6 & 7.
   SUBTRACTION FACTS OF 8 & 9.
   WHAT IS 1-5.
   WHAT IS 6, 7, 8, & 9.
   WHAT IS 10.

 Richardson, H. W.
   CHARLIE'S NEW WORLD.

 Roach (Hal) Studios, Inc.
   ABOUT FACE. (R)
   BROOKLYN ORCHID. (R)
   CALABOOSE. (R)
   DEVIL WITH HITLER. (R)
   DUDES ARE PRETTY PEOPLE. (R)
   FALL IN. (R)
   FLYING WITH MUSIC. (R)
   THE MCGUERINS FROM BROOKLYN. (R)
   NAZTY NUISANCE. (R)
   PRAIRIE CHICKENS. (R)
   TAXI MISTER. (R)
   YANKS AHOY. (R)

 Roberts, Ruth.
   OUR COUNTRY 'TIS OF THEE.

 Robinson (Frank) Advertising, Inc.
   THERMO-SPOON.
   TOUCH AND TEAR.

 Rohauer, Raymond.
   CINDERELLA SWINGS IT. (R)
   KEEPING IN SHAPE. (R)
   THE MAN'S ANGLE. (R)
   SCATTERGOOD RIDES HIGH. (R)

 Rohr, Charles A.
   OFFICE MACHINES.

 Roosevelt Campobello International Park Commission, Lubec, Me.
   BELOVED ISLAND.

 Rose, Reginald.
   STRANGER ON THE RUN.

 Rosen, Peter.
   I'M A MAN.

 Rosen (Peter) Productions.
   I'M A MAN.

 Rosenthal, Eugene.
   SEE Adelphi Films.

 Rossi, Nick.
   BEETHOVEN, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   DEBUSSY, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   FOSTER, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   HAYDN, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   MOZART, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   PUCCINI, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   R. STRAUSS, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   RAVEL, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   SCHUBERT, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   SOUSA, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   VERDI, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   WAGNER, A STORY IN PICTURES.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   GETTING AHEAD: THE ROAD TO SELF-DEVELOPMENT.
   MEETING IN PROGRESS.

 Rowland (Earl) Foundation, New York.
   THE GREAT AGE OF FRESCO: GIOTTO TO PONTORMO.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   ACE IN THE HOLE.
   ANY WAY YOU ADD IT UP.
   BRAKE HYDRAULICS.
   BUDGET MUSCLE.
   CARBURETION, FUNDAMENTALS AND FACTS.
   CHALLENGER CHALLENGES THE FORD MUSTANG AND MERCURY COUGAR.
   CHALLENGER R/T AND CHARGER R/T.
   THE CHEVROLET CAMARO AND PONTIAC FIREBIRD WITH A CHALLENGE FROM
      [CHALLENGER]
   CORONET 500 VS. CHEVELLE MALIBU AND LE MANS SPORT.
   DART VERSUS NOVA.
   THE DAY AFTER CAMARO.
   DEAR ANN FLANDERS.
   DODGE D100 PICKUP VS. FORD F100 PICKUP & CHEVROLET C10 PICKUP.
   DODGE POLARA VS. CHEVROLET IMPALA & PONTIAC CATALINA.
   DODGE POLARA VS. FORD GALAXIE 500.
   DON'T TAKE NO FOR AN ANSWER.
   DUSTER, THERE'S MORE TO A CAR, HORNET.
   HEATED AIR INTAKE AND VAPOR SAVER.
   HOW PLYMOUTH TOPS CHEVROLET FOR 1970.
   IF CLOCKS COULD TALK.
   JOE ROBBINS LOOKS AT MERCURY.
   LET'S KEEP IT CLEAN.
   LOSERS LET THINGS HAPPEN, WINNERS MAKE THINGS HAPPEN.
   MAKE THE MOST OF IT.
   THE NEW CHOICE AND HOW TO MAKE IT.
   THE 1970 ALTERNATOR AND REGULATOR.
   [1970 BARRACUDA VS. MUSTANG]
   1970 CHARGER VS. PONTIAC GTO & CHEVROLET MONTE CARLO.
   [1970 CHRYSLER VS. BUICK]
   [1970 CHRYSLER VS. OLDSMOBILE]
   [1970 DUSTER VS. MAVERICK]
   [1970 FURY VS. FORD]
   [1970 IMPERIAL VS. LINCOLN]
   ONE STEP AT A TIME.
   ORDER TAKER OR ORDER MAKER.
   RAPID TRANSIT SYSTEM.
   S.P.O.F.B.I.L.B.
   SHOCK ABSORBER FACTS.
   SOME PROSPECTS ARE CLOSER THAN YOU THINK.
   STEERING COLUMNS & SHIFT LINKAGES.
   THE STRONG BOXES.
   TWO FOUR TWO.
   WIND NOISE & AIR LEAKS.
   YOU CAN GET THERE FROM HERE.

 Ryan, J. M.
   LOVING.


                                   S

 SA Productions.
   BELOVED ISLAND.

 S.R.O. Co., Inc.
   YOU CAN'T WIN 'EM ALL.

 Sagittarius Productions, Inc.
   THIN AIR.

 Saint Francis Productions.
   BAPTISM: SACRAMENT OF BELONGING.
   COME TO LIFE.
   CONFIRMATION: SACRAMENT OF WITNESS.
   CONTACT.
   ENCOUNTER.
   EUCHARIST: SACRAMENT OF LIFE.
   LET THE RAIN SETTLE IT.
   PENANCE: SACRAMENT OF PEACE.
   RIGHT HERE, RIGHT NOW.
   SEARCH.
   TURNED ROUND TO SEE.
   WITNESS.
   WORKOUT.

 Saladana, Jerald.
   BEETHOVEN, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   DEBUSSY, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   FOSTER, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   HAYDN, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   MOZART, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   PUCCINI, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   R. STRAUSS, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   RAVEL, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   SCHUBERT, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   SOUSA, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   VERDI, A STORY IN PICTURES.
   WAGNER, A STORY IN PICTURES.

 Sanderson Films, Inc.
   THE AIRPORT.
   ALCOHOL, DRUGS AND FLIGHT EFFECTS.
   INSTRUMENT APPROACHES.
   PIPER PRE-FLIGHT FACTS.
   PLOTTER AND WIND TRIANGLES.

 Scharf, Erwin.
   THE GRASSHOPPER MAN STORIES.

 Schecterson (Jack) Associates, Inc.
   AUDIO-VISUAL ENGLISH.

 Schenck (Joseph M.) Enterprises, Inc.
   THE WACKIEST SHIP IN THE ARMY.

 Schering Corp.
   FUNGUOUS INFECTIONS OF THE FOOT.

 School of Social Work, Adelphi University.
   SEE Adelphi University, Garden City, N.Y. School of Social Work.

 Schwartz, Elaine Sandra.
   HOLLINS MARKET PAST.

 Schwimmer (Walter) Division, Bing Crosby Productions, Inc.
   SEE Crosby (Bing) Productions, Inc. Walter Schwimmer Division.

 Schwimmer (Walter) Inc.
   WIN WITH THE STARS.

 Scimitar Films, Ltd.
   I'LL NEVER FORGET WHAT'S 'IS NAME.

 Score Movies, Ltd.
   FLESH.

 Scott, Louise Binder.
   STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   A BOTTLE FOR A BOTTLE. (R)
   THE BULLDOG AND THE BABY. (R)
   CINDERELLA GOES TO A PARTY. (R)
   CONCERTO IN B FLAT MINOR. (R)
   THE CONTINUING STORY OF THE SHAMEFUL SECRETS OF HASTINGS CORNERS.
   DOG MEETS DOG. (R)
   FATHER KNOWS BEST.
   GIDGET GROWS UP.
   IN NAME ONLY.
   JONNY QUEST.
   THE MONKEES.
   PLAYHOUSE 90.
   SHADOW ON THE LAND.
   THREE'S A CROWD.
   UNDER THE SHEDDING CHESTNUT TREE. (R)
   THE WACKIEST SHIP IN THE ARMY.
   WACKY WIGWAMS. (R)
   THE WILD AND WOOZY WEST. (R)
   WOLF CHASES PIGS. (R)
   WOODMAN SPARE THAT TREE. (R)

 Secondari (John H.) Productions, Ltd.
   THE GOLDEN AGE OF THE AUTOMOBILE.

 Segaloff, Nathan.
   DEALING.

 Seton, Ernest Thompson.
   KING OF THE GRIZZLIES.

 Shapiro, Edwin.
   CIRCULATION OF BLOOD.
   DIGESTION.
   FUNCTION OF BLOOD.
   NUTRITION.
   RESPIRATION AND EXCRETION.
   VISION.

 Shaunessy, Joanne.
   THE HUNGRY GOD.
   THE KING'S DREAM.
   THE LIONS' DEN.
   THREE BRAVE FRIENDS.

 Shishkoff, Serge.
   [THE BEGGAR]

 ShoWest.
   CAREERS: CLERICAL.
   CAREERS: CONSTRUCTION.
   CAREERS: GOVERNMENT SERVICES.
   CAREERS: LEISURE INDUSTRIES.
   CAREERS: SERVICES GENERAL.

 Shuler, Jay.
   MAN REACHES THE MOON.

 Sim Productions, Inc.
   THE GIANTS.
   MR. KOUMAL.

 Smart Family Foundation, Chicago.
   PATIENTS NEED YOU.

 Smith, Wayne.
   A GIFT FOR SAINT MICHAELS.
   IT'S UP TO YOU.

 Smith, Kline & French Laboratories.
   THE CASE AGAINST RUBELLA.
   CLINICAL EXAMINATION OF THE JUGULAR VENOUS PULSE.
   CLUBBED TOBACCO-STAINED FINGERS: AN ALERTING SIGN IN LUNG CANCER.
   DRUG ABUSE: EVERYBODY'S HANG-UP.

 Smo-Bro Productions, Inc.
   THE SUMMER BROTHERS SMOTHERS SHOW.

 Snyder (Bill) Films.
   CRY OF THE MARCH.

 Snyder, William.
   CRY OF THE MARCH.

 Society for Visual Education, Inc.
   BASIC ELECTRICAL PRINCIPLES.
   BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA.
   CHILDREN OF THE INNER CITY.
   DWIGHT DAVID EISENHOWER, 1890-1969, 34TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
      STATES.
   THE ENGINE LATHE.
   EXPLORING THE WORLD OF NATURE.
   LIVING WITH YOUR FAMILY.
   MILESTONES TO MODERN CIVILIZATION.
   PERSONAL CLEANLINESS.
   WOODWORKING: PORTABLE POWER TOOLS.
   WORKING IN U.S. COMMUNITIES.

 Soundings.
   A CHILD CREATES.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Radio-Television Commission.
   JOT.

 Southern Baptist Convention. Sunday School Board.
   CHILDREN'S DIVISION SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK.
   CHURCH LIBRARY SERVICES.
   DEVELOPING A CHURCH MUSIC PROGRAM FOR THE 70's.
   OUR COMMITMENT: ADULT SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK.
   SUNDAY SCHOOL SHAPING THE 70'S CLINIC.
   TEACHING PRESCHOOLERS.
   YOUTH SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK IN THE 70'S.

 Southwest Films Associates.
   TEXAS FOREST TRAIL.
   TEXAS HILL COUNTRY TRAIL.
   TEXAS INDEPENDENCE TRAIL.
   TEXAS LAKES TRAIL.
   TEXAS MOUNTAIN TRAIL.
   TEXAS PECOS TRAIL.
   TEXAS PLAINS TRAIL.
   TEXAS TROPICAL TRAIL.

 Spectra Pictures.
   THE GOLD RUSH.

 Spier, Peter.
   THE FOX WENT OUT ON A CHILLY NIGHT.

 Stanford Research Institute, Menlo Park, Calif.
   VOICES OF TOMORROW.

 Starch (Daniel) & Staff, Inc.
   BEST READ ADS.

 Stein, Leland.
   THE DAY OF THE DUCK.

 Sterling Drug, Inc. Lehn & Fink Consumer Products Division.
   [LEHN & FINK CONSUMER PRODUCTS DIVISION TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Stoddard, Dr.
   TEMPO, DYNAMICS, AND TONE COLOR.

 Stone, Peter.
   JIGSAW.

 Story, Hal.
   MAN'S BIOLOGICAL HERITAGE: EARLY MAN IN THE NEAR EAST.

 Stracke, Win.
   BLACK FOLK MUSIC IN AMERICA.

 Strauss (Henry) & Co.
   A GATHERING OF ONE.

 Stride, Inc.
   EXPLOSION IN EDUCATION.
   THE GOLDEN MEAN.
   I WONDER WHO'S KISSING HER NOW.
   LOOK OUT BELOW.
   PYGMALION.
   PYGMALION IN MANAGEMENT.
   SILENCE IS GOLDEN.
   THE THINGS I'VE TRIED TO BUY.
   THIS ABOVE ALL.
   WATCH YOUR LINE.
   WHISTLING IN THE DARK.
   WINDOW ON THE WORLD.
   YOU NEED A PLAN TO WIN.
   YOUR NOT SO IMPOSSIBLE DREAM.

 Strindberg, August.
   THE STRONGER.

 Strudler, Martin.
   COMMUNICATING FACE-TO-FACE.
   HOW TO HANDLE COMPLAINTS.
   HOW TO LISTEN MORE EFFECTIVELY.

 Stuart (Malcolm) Productions, Inc.
   THE GREAT BANK ROBBERY.

 Student National Education Assn.
   ENVIRONMENTAL CRISIS.

 Sulcoski, John W.
   GENERATING AND COLLECTING GASES.
   GRAM STAINING.
   INOCULATING TECHNIQUES.
   THE MICROMETER CALIPER.
   SIMPLE STAINING TECHNIQUES.
   USING THE MICROSCOPE.
   WET MOUNT TECHNIQUES: POND WATER.

 Sullivan Associates.
   PROGRAMMED READING.

 Sullivan Press.
   PROGRAMMED READING.

 Summit Films.
   TAKE-OFF.

 Sumrall, Clifford.
   POSTURE.

 Sunburst Films, Inc.
   CAREERS: HEALTH SERVICES.
   CAREERS: MECHANICAL.

 Sunday School Board of the Southern Baptist Convention.
   SEE Southern Baptist Convention. Sunday School Board.

 Sutherland (John) Productions, Inc.
   A SENSE OF HEARING.

 Svensk (A. B.) Filmindustri.
   SKAMMEN.

 Sylvania Electric Products, Inc.
   THE GRIPEVINE.


                                   T

 T.T.P. Corp. Jam Handy Productions Division.
   SEE Handy (Jam) Productions.

 T.V. Tools, Inc.
   SPRAY GUN--CAR WASH.

 Tamm Productions, Inc.
   THE MOLLY MAGUIRES.

 Taste of Blood, Inc.
   NIGHT OF BLOODY HORROR.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   ABDOMEN: ABDOMINAL VESSELS AND NERVES.
   ABDOMEN: GENERAL RELATIONSHIPS AND PERITONEUM.
   ABDOMEN: LIVER, PANCREAS AND SPLEEN.
   THE ANTERIOR ABDOMINAL WALL.
   THE ANTERIOR THORACIC WALL AND REMOVAL OF THE LUNG.
   FLOSSING AND BRUSHING.
   THE HEART.
   INGUINAL CANAL, SPERMATIC CORD AND TESTIS.
   THE LOWER EXTREMITY: THE GLUTEAL REGION.
   THE LUNGS AND REMOVAL OF THE HEART.
   THE POSTERIOR ABDOMINAL WALL.
   THE POSTERIOR AND SUPERIOR MEDIASTINA.
   SURGERY OF THE SENILE CATARACT: INTRACAPSULAR EXTRACTION BY SUCTION,
      TUMBLING AND COUNTERTRACTION.
   THE UPPER EXTREMITY: EXTENSOR ASPECT OF THE FOREARM.
   THE UPPER EXTREMITY: FLEXOR OF THE FOREARM.
   THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE ARM.
   THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE AXILLA.
   THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE HAND.
   THE UPPER EXTREMITY: THE PECTORAL REGION.

 Teague, Bob.
   HEY, CAB.

 Terrytoons.
   BERRY FUNNY.
   THE BIG FREEZE.
   BIG MO.
   THE BIGGER DIGGER.
   BLACK AND BLUE JAY.
   THE BOLD EAGLE.
   THE CHESTNUT NUT.
   DON'T BURRO TROUBLE.
   THE DRIFTER.
   THE DUSTER.
   THE ENLARGER.
   FINDIN' THE PHANTOM.
   FRIENDSHIP.
   THE FROG.
   THE GHOST MONSTER.
   HAPPY HOLLOW HAY RIDE.
   HAPPY HOLLOW TURKEY SHOOT.
   HARM SWEET HOME.
   HOBO HASSLE.
   THE JUNKER.
   KOOKY CUCUMBERS.
   LUNO.
   THE MONSTERIZER.
   THE PAPER MONSTER.
   THE PICKLE PIRATE.
   PIRATE PLUNDER BLUNDER.
   THE PLASTIC BLASTER.
   POPCORN POACHERS.
   THE RAVEN.
   THE RETURN OF THE MONSTERIZER.
   ROOTIN' TOOTIN' PUMPKIN LOOTIN'.
   THE SCARECROW.
   THE SHOCKER.
   SHOWBOAT SHOWOFF.
   THE SHRINKER.
   SLEEP SLIP-UP.
   SLINKY MINK.
   SOUTHERN SUPERMARKET.
   THE STEEL STEALER.
   SURFACE SURF ACES.
   SWAMP SNAPPER.
   SWAMP WATER TAFFY.
   THE TIME ERASER.
   THE TIMEKEEPER.
   THE TOY MAN.
   TRESTLE HASSLE.
   WATCH THE BUTTERFLY.

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   BARNYARD BLACKOUT. (R)
   BARNYARD W A A C. (R)
   HE DOOD IT AGAIN.
   KEEP 'EM GROWING. (R)
   THE LAST ROUND-UP. (R)
   PANDORA'S BOX. (R)
   PATRIOTIC POOCHES. (R)
   SCRAP FOR VICTORY. (R)
   SHIPYARD SYMPHONY. (R)
   SOMEWHERE IN THE PACIFIC. (R)
   SUPER MOUSE IN PANDORA'S BOX. (R)

 Thomas, Leslie.
   THE VIRGIN SOLDIERS.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   ACTINOSPHAERIUM.
   AMOEBA.
   ARCELLA.
   CAMPANELLA.
   DIDINIUM.
   EUGLENA.
   EUPLOTES.
   EXPLORER I: FIRST SUCCESSFUL U.S. SATELLITE.
   GEMINI IV: SPACE WALK.
   GROWTH FROM A MELT.
   GROWTH IN SOLUTION.
   HANGING DROP CULTURE.
   MERCURY 7: FLIGHT OF ALAN SHEPARD.
   MERCURY 13: FLIGHT OF JOHN GLENN.
   MICROPIPETTE.
   MICROSCOPE: DARK FIELD ILLUMINATION.
   MICROSCOPE: LIGHT FIELD ILLUMINATION.
   MICROSCOPE: OIL IMMERSION.
   OPALINA.
   OPTICAL PROPERTIES.
   PARAMECIUM.
   PHYSICAL PROPERTIES.
   SLOWING DOWN PROTOZOANS.
   SPIROSTOMUM.
   STENTOR.
   TRICHONYMPHA.
   TRYPANOSOMA.
   VANGUARD TV-3: SATELLITE LAUNCHING FAILURE.
   VITAL STAINING.
   VOLVOX.
   VORTICELLA.

 Three Pictures Corp.
   PUSSYCAT, PUSSYCAT, I LOVE YOU.

 Tigon Pictures, Ltd.
   THIN AIR.

 Time, Inc.
   THIRTY DAYS TO SURVIVAL.

 Toho Co., Ltd.
   LATITUDE ZERO.

 Tonylyn Productions, Inc.
   EQUINOX.

 Tower, Grace Storms.
   A GIFT FOR SAINT MICHAELS.

 Tracom Productions.
   HELL'S ANGELS '69.

 Training Division, Allstate Insurance Co.
   SEE Allstate Insurance Co. Training Division.

 Tramco Industries, Inc.
   OVERHAUL PROCEDURES, VOLKSWAGEN FULLY AUTOMATIC TRANSMISSION.

 Trans-American Films.
   SUCCUBUS.

 Trans-Continental Filmproduction, G.M.B.H.
   DE SADE.

 Trans World Airlines.
   MOONPORT, U.S.A.

 Trans World International, Inc.
   MAMMOTH MOUNTAIN, CALIFORNIA.
   ZERMATT.

 Trytten, George N.
   FUNCTIONS AND FORMULAS.

 Tucker, Kathryn.
   DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY.

 Tucson (Ariz.) Creative Dance Center.
   THE ART OF BODY MOVEMENT.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   A-HAUNTING WE WILL GO. (R)
   ALONG THE TEXAS RANGE. (R)
   BACK TO BIKES. (R)
   BENEATH THE PLANET OF THE APES.
   BERLIN CORRESPONDENT. (R)
   THE BLACK SWAN. (R)
   CAREFUL, SOFT SHOULDER. (R)
   CASTLE IN THE DESERT. (R)
   THE CHAIRMAN.
   CHINA GIRL. (R)
   COURAGEOUS AUSTRALIA. (R)
   DESERT WONDERLAND. (R)
   DIXIE DUGAN. (R)
   DR. RENAULT'S SECRET. (R)
   DUTCH GUIANA. (R)
   EVERGREEN PLAYLAND. (R)
   A FLEA IN HER EAR.
   FOOTLIGHT SERENADE. (R)
   THE GAMES.
   GATEWAY TO ASIA. (R)
   GAY RIO. (R)
   A GENTLEMAN AT HEART. (R)
   GIRL TROUBLE. (R)
   GUARDIANS OF THE SEA. (R)
   HE HIRED THE BOSS. (R)
   HEART OF MEXICO. (R)
   HUB OF THE WORLD. (R)
   ICELAND. (R)
   IMMORTAL SERGEANT. (R)
   INDIA THE GOLDEN. (R)
   IT HAPPENED IN FLATBUSH. (R)
   JEWEL OF THE PACIFIC. (R)
   JOHN AND MARY.
   JUST OFF BROADWAY. (R)
   JUSTINE.
   THE KREMLIN LETTER.
   LAND WHERE TIME STOOD STILL. (R)
   LIFE BEGINS AT EIGHT-THIRTY. (R)
   LITTLE TOKYO, U.S.A. (R)
   THE LOVES OF EDGAR ALLAN POE. (R)
   THE MAD MARTINDALES. (R)
   THE MAGNIFICENT DOPE. (R)
   THE MAN IN THE TRUNK. (R)
   THE MAN WHO WOULDN'T DIE. (R)
   MANILA CALLING. (R)
   MASH.
   THE MEANEST MAN IN THE WORLD. (R)
   MEN FOR THE FLEET. (R)
   MEN OF WEST POINT. (R)
   MONKEY DOODLE DANDIES. (R)
   MOONTIDE. (R)
   MY GAL SAL. (R)
   NEPTUNE'S DAUGHTERS. (R)
   THE NIGHT BEFORE THE DIVORCE. (R)
   THE ONLY GAME IN TOWN.
   ORCHESTRA WIVES. (R)
   OUR LAST FRONTIER. (R)
   OVER MY DEAD BODY. (R)
   THE OX-BOW INCIDENT. (R)
   THE PIED PIPER. (R)
   THE POSTMAN DIDN'T RING. (R)
   QUIET, PLEASE, MURDER. (R)
   RIGHT TO THE HEART. (R)
   RINGS ON HER FINGERS. (R)
   ROXIE HART. (R)
   ROYAL ARABY. (R)
   SECRET AGENT OF JAPAN. (R)
   SECRET OF THE FJORD. (R)
   SETTING THE PACE. (R)
   SNOW TRAILS. (R)
   SNOWLAND SENTINELS. (R)
   SONG OF THE ISLANDS. (R)
   SPRINGTIME IN THE ROCKIES. (R)
   STAIRCASE.
   STEELHEAD FIGHTERS. (R)
   SUNDOWN JIM. (R)
   TALES OF MANHATTAN.
   TEN GENTLEMEN FROM WEST POINT. (R)
   THAT OTHER WOMAN. (R)
   THIS ABOVE ALL. (R)
   THRU DIFFERENT EYES. (R)
   THUNDER BIRDS. (R)
   TIME TO KILL. (R)
   TO THE SHORES OF TRIPOLI. (R)
   THE UNDEFEATED.
   THE UNDYING MONSTER. (R)
   UNITED WE STAND. (R)
   VALLEY OF BLOSSOMS. (R)
   A WALK WITH LOVE AND DEATH.
   A WEDDING IN BIKANER. (R)
   WELL-ROWED HARVARD. (R)
   WHEN WINTER CALLS. (R)
   WHISPERING GHOSTS. (R)
   WHO IS HOPE SCHUYLER. (R)
   WINGS OF DEFENSE. (R)
   YOUNG AMERICA. (R)

 Twentieth Century-Fox Productions, Ltd.
   THE CHAIRMAN.
   THE GAMES.


                                   U

 United Artists Corp.
   COTTON COMES TO HARLEM.
   DUNE BUG.
   FLYING FEET.
   THE FROGGY FROGGY DUO.
   GAILY, GAILY.
   HALLS OF ANGER.
   THE HAMBLETONIAN.
   HAPPY ENDING.
   HASTY BUT TASTY.
   THE HAWAIIANS.
   HAWKS AND DOVES.
   HORTON HATCHES THE EGG. (R)
   IN HURTS AND FLOWERS.
   IN WHICH WE SERVE. (R)
   I'VE GOT ANTS IN MY PLANS.
   LET IT BE.
   ODD ANT OUT.
   ON HER MAJESTY'S SECRET SERVICE.
   ONE MORE TIME.
   THE 1000 PLANE RAID.
   OUT OF IT.
   PUSSYCAT, PUSSYCAT, I LOVE YOU.
   SCRATCH A TIGER.
   SLINK PINK.
   SWEET AND SOURDOUGH.
   TAKE-OFF.
   THINK BEFORE YOU PINK.
   UNSAFE AND SEINE.
   WHAT DO YOU SAY TO A NAKED LADY.
   WOMEN IN LOVE.

 United Artists Productions, Inc.
   THE CRYSTAL BALL. (R)
   I MARRIED A WITCH. (R)
   SILVER QUEEN. (R)
   YOUNG AND WILLING. (R)

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   BORRAH MINEVITCH AND HIS HARMONICA SCHOOL. (R)
   CASABLANCA. (R)
   COAL BLACK AND DE SEBBEN DWARFS. (R)
   THE FIGHTING ENGINEERS. (R)
   FLYING FORTRESS. (R)
   GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT HERE. (R)
   GLEN GRAY AND HIS CASA LOMA ORCHESTRA. (R)
   THE GORILLA MAN. (R)
   THE HARE BRAINED HYPNOTIST. (R)
   MY FAVORITE DUCK. (R)
   MY MOTHER, THE CAR.
   THE PACIFIC FRONTIER. (R)
   THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.
   SIX HITS AND A MISS. (R)
   SPINACH FER BRITAIN. (R)
   THE SQUAWKIN' HAWK. (R)
   THE UNITED STATES NAVY BAND. (R)
   THE WISE QUACKING DUCK. (R)
   YANKEE DOODLE DANDY. (R)

 United Methodist Church (United States) General Board of Education.
    Division of Curriculum Resources.
   A GIFT FOR SAINT MICHAELS.
   GREEN WHISTLES CAN'T SING GLORY TO GOD.

 United Press International.
   DWIGHT DAVID EISENHOWER, 1890-1969, 34TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
      STATES.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   COMPANIONS IN NIGHTMARE.
   COUNTERFEIT KILLER.
   ESCAPE TO MINDANAO.
   ISTANBUL EXPRESS.
   IT TAKES A THIEF.
   JIGSAW.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.
   THE OUTSIDER.
   PRESCRIPTION: MURDER.
   SOMETHING FOR A LONELY MAN.
   THE SUNSHINE PATRIOT.
   TRIAL RUN.
   THE VIRGINIAN.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Emka Division.
   SEE Emka.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Pictures Division.
   SEE Universal Pictures.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Television Division.
   SEE Universal Television.

 Universal Pictures.
   AIR RAID WARDEN. (R)
   THE AMAZING MRS. HOLLIDAY. (R)
   ARABIAN NIGHTS. (R)
   THE BALLAD OF JOSIE.
   BANNING.
   BOOM.
   COW-COW BOOGIE. (R)
   DESIGNED BY FANNIE HURST. (R)
   DON WINSLOW OF THE COAST GUARD. (R)
   EGG CRACKER SUITE. (R)
   FRANKENSTEIN MEETS THE WOLF MAN. (R)
   GAMES.
   HE'S MY GUY. (R)
   HI BUDDY. (R)
   HI 'YA CHUM. (R)
   HIT TUNE JAMBOREE. (R)
   HOW'S ABOUT IT. (R)
   HUNGRY INDIA. (R)
   I'LL NEVER FORGET WHAT'S 'IS NAME.
   IN ENEMY COUNTRY.
   IT AIN'T HAY. (R)
   JIGSAW.
   KEEP 'EM SLUGGING. (R)
   LET HUEY DO IT. (R)
   LITTLE CLAYTON FARMFRONT WONDER. (R)
   MOTHER OF PRESIDENTS. (R)
   THE PINK JUNGLE.
   PITTSBURGH. (R)
   ROAR, NAVY, ROAR. (R)
   ROSIE.
   ROUGH NIGHT IN JERICHO.
   THE SCREWBALL. (R)
   SHADOW OF A DOUBT. (R)
   SHE'S A-1 IN THE NAVY. (R)
   SWING THAT BAND. (R)
   SWINGTIME BLUES. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WINNING.
   WINTER SPORTS JAMBOREE. (R)

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   AIR RAID WARDEN. (R)
   THE AMAZING MRS. HOLLIDAY. (R)
   ARABIAN NIGHTS. (R)
   COW-COW BOOGIE. (R)
   DESIGNED BY FANNIE HURST. (R)
   DON WINSLOW OF THE COAST GUARD. (R)
   EGG CRACKER SUITE. (R)
   THE EVIL OF FRANKENSTEIN.
   FRANKENSTEIN MEETS THE WOLF MAN. (R)
   HE'S MY GUY. (R)
   HI BUDDY. (R)
   HI 'YA CHUM. (R)
   HIT TUNE JAMBOREE. (R)
   HOW'S ABOUT IT. (R)
   HUNGRY INDIA. (R)
   IT AIN'T HAY. (R)
   KEEP 'EM SLUGGING. (R)
   LET HUEY DO IT. (R)
   LITTLE CLAYTON FARMFRONT WONDER. (R)
   MOTHER OF PRESIDENTS. (R)
   PITTSBURGH. (R)
   ROAR, NAVY, ROAR. (R)
   THE SCREWBALL. (R)
   SHADOW OF A DOUBT. (R)
   SHE'S A-1 IN THE NAVY. (R)
   SWING THAT BAND. (R)
   SWINGTIME BLUES. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WINTER SPORTS JAMBOREE. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   BOOM.
   I'LL NEVER FORGET WHAT'S 'IS NAME.
   OEDIPUS THE KING.

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   THE NAME OF THE GAME.
   THE OUTSIDER.
   THE SOUND OF ANGER.

 Universal Television.
   NOW YOU SEE IT, NOW YOU DON'T.
   SHADOW OVER ELVERON.
   STRANGER ON THE RUN.

 University Films.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: SERVICE WORKERS.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: WATER AND SEWAGE.

 University of Judaism, Los Angeles.
   THE ART OF BENJAMIN ZEMACH.

 University of Southern California, Los Angeles. Dept. of Cinema.
   WEST TEXAS, 1870.

 Upjohn CO.
   LUBRICATION IN HEALTHY AND ARTHRITIC JOINTS.
   MYOCARDIAL REVASCULARIZATION: VINEBERG PROCEDURE.
   THE OBSOLETE MENOPAUSE.
   X-RAY, ULTRASOUND AND THERMOGRAPHY IN DIAGNOSIS.

 Uplinger-Verna Sports, Inc.
   THE HAMBLETONIAN.


                                   V

 VM Educational Film Productions.
   TO DRENCH A SHEEP.

 Vaccaro Associates.
   HEALTH AND SOCIAL PROBLEMS.

 Van Bernard Productions, Inc.
   THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

 VanDame, Marlea.
   FLAT PICTURES.

 Varner, Dudley M.
   MAN'S BIOLOGICAL HERITAGE: EARLY MAN IN THE NEAR EAST.

 Verne, Jules.
   THE SOUTHERN STAR.

 Video Films, Inc.
   THE EXPERTS.

 Vision Associates, Inc.
   A MOVING WORLD.

 Visual Aids Studio.
   COLETTEES FROM GARDEN AND WILD FLOWERS.
   COLETTEES FROM THE FIELDS AND FORESTS.
   COLETTEES FROM THE SEA.

 Visual Sciences.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF BIOLOGY.

 Vitaphone Corp.
   BUGGED BY A BEE.
   COAL BLACK AND DE SEBBEN DWARFS. (R)
   THE HARE BRAINED HYPNOTIST. (R)
   HORTON HATCHES THE EGG. (R)
   MY FAVORITE DUCK. (R)
   OUT AND OUT ROUT.
   THE SQUAWKIN' HAWK. (R)
   THE WISE QUACKING DUCK. (R)

 Volkswagen of America.
   WHERE IT'S AT.

 Volkswagen of America, Inc.
   CONFRONTATION.
   EFFECTIVE INTERVIEWING.
   WHO'S NEXT.


                                   W

 WHA-TV.
   PRETTY SOON RUNS OUT.

 W.L.B. Productions.
   SNAKE BITE: FIRST AID.

 Wallis, Hal B.
   NORWOOD.

 Ward (Jay) Productions, Inc.
   THE CRAZY WORLD OF LAUREL AND HARDY.

 Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.
   ABOUT INSECTS.
   ASTRONOMY: THE SOLAR SYSTEM AND BEYOND.
   BASIC ASTRONOMY.
   DNA AND CELL CHEMISTRY.
   EARTH WORM.
   EMBRYOLOGY: 10MM PIG.
   ENVIRONMENTAL POLLUTION, OUR WORLD IN CRISIS.
   THE EVOLUTION OF MAN.
   FLOWERS OPENING.
   GERMINATION OF THE BEAN.
   GROWTH OF MOLDS.
   HYDRA.
   INTRODUCING GENETICS.
   [AN INTRODUCTION TO FOSSILS]
   LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS.
   THE MAGIC OF TREE BUDS.
   THE MECHANICS OF SWALLOWING.
   MEIOSIS.
   MITOSIS.
   MOVEMENT IN THE HUMAN SKELETON.
   MUSHROOM DEVELOPMENT.
   PINE SEEDS: RELEASE AND GERMINATION.
   PLANT RESPONSES.
   RAPID MOVEMENT IN PLANTS.
   RESOURCES FOR TOMORROW.
   SEED DISTRIBUTION AND GERMINATION.
   USING NATURAL RESOURCES.
   WHAT IS A --.

 Warner (Jerry) & Associates.
   THE LIPTON PEOPLE.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   BORRAH MINEVITCH AND HIS HARMONICA SCHOOL. (R)
   CASABLANCA. (R)
   THE FIGHTING ENGINEERS. (R)
   FLYING FORTRESS. (R)
   GEORGE WASHINGTON SLEPT HERE. (R)
   GLEN GRAY AND HIS CASA LOMA ORCHESTRA. (R)
   THE GORILLA MAN. (R)
   THE MIKADO.
   OUT AND OUT ROUT.
   THE PACIFIC FRONTIER. (R)
   SIX HITS AND A MISS. (R)
   THE UNITED STATES NAVY BAND. (R)
   YANKEE DOODLE DANDY. (R)

 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.
   THE ARRANGEMENT.
   BUGGED BY A BEE.
   THE FBI.
   THE GREAT BANK ROBBERY.
   THE LAST OF THE MOBILE HOTSHOTS.
   THE LEARNING TREE.
   THE RAIN PEOPLE.

 Washington, D.C. Dept. of Motor Vehicles.
   BRAKES OF LIFE.

 Wasserman, Sheldon.
   THE WHACKY WORLD OF NUMBERS.

 Wasson, Tyler.
   WORLD HISTORY ENRICHMENT SERIES.

 Waters, William E.
   PLAYHOUSE 90.

 Webster, Paul V.
   LIVING THINGS AND THEIR HABITATS

 Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.

 Welcome Wagon International, Inc.
   A MOVING WORLD.

 Wells, Paul.
   PLASTIC FILLER REPAIR.

 Wells Electronics, Inc.
   DYNABLAST HIGH PRODUCTION PLASTIC DEFLASHING EQUIPMENT.

 Werrenrath, Reinald, Jr.
   OCEANOGRAPHY: THE STUDY OF OCEANS.

 West Texas Co.
   WEST TEXAS, 1870.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   THE CAMEL WHO TOOK A WALK.
   DRUMMER HOFF.
   THE FOX WENT OUT ON A CHILLY NIGHT.
   THE HAPPY OWLS.
   LENTIL.
   MAURICE SENDAK.
   ROBERT MCCLOSKEY.
   THE TALE OF CUSTARD THE DRAGON.
   WHEEL ON THE CHIMNEY.
   WHISTLE FOR WILLIE.

 Whirlpool Corp.
   HOME IS WHAT YOU MAKE IT.
   WHO CARES? THE PEOPLE WHO MAKE APPLIANCES CARE.

 Wilderness Adventures, Inc.
   THE CRAZIEST PEOPLE IN BOATS.

 Wildey, Doug.
   JONNY QUEST.

 Wilding, Inc.
   ON TOP OF THE PROS.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   THE AUTOMATIC BALANCE SARTORIUS 2400.
   COLORIMETRIC ANALYSIS WITH THE SPECTRONIC 20.
   ENERGY CYCLES.
   EXPLORATION OF THE MOON.
   FILIFORM CORROSION.
   THE HYDROGEN ATOM.
   METHODS AND INSTRUMENTS OF OCEANOGRAPHY.
   PHASE DIAGRAM FOR BI-CD ALLOY.
   PRINCIPLES FOR CREATING CLOTHING, THE WHYS.
   REACTION RATES.
   SEA WATER AND THE SEA FLOOR.
   UNDERSTANDING TOPOGRAPHIC MAPS.
   WORK OF THE WIND AND RUNNING WATER.

 Williams, Alan.
   THE PINK JUNGLE.

 Williams, L. V.
   INTRODUCTION TO WRITING.

 Williams, Tennessee.
   THE LAST OF THE MOBILE HOTSHOTS.

 Williams, Thomas Lanier.
   BOOM.

 Willis-Wardenburg Films.
   PRETTY SOON RUNS OUT.

 Wingert, Dave.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF SOUND.

 Wolf, Lawrence.
   BILLY BUTTERFLY.

 Wood (Francis Carter) Inc.
   SKEET WELL.

 Wood, Harriet D.
   USE YOUR DUPLICATOR.

 Wood, Lucille.
   CHILDREN'S SONGS OF MEXICO.

 Woodfall Film, Ltd.
   HAMLET.

 World Film Services, Ltd.
   BOOM.
   OEDIPUS THE KING.

 World Wide Photos.
   DWIGHT DAVID EISENHOWER, 1890-1969, 34TH PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED
      STATES

 Wormser, Richard.
   WALT DISNEY'S WONDERFUL WORLD OF COLOR.

 Woroner Productions, Inc.
   THE SUPER FIGHT.

 Wrather Corp.
   THE LONE RANGER.


                                   X

 Xerox Corp.
   INDUSTRIAL HYGIENE--SCIENCE OF SURVIVAL.


                                   Y

 York, Jeremy.
   PLAYHOUSE 90.

 Young (Brigham) University, Provo, Utah.
   AFTER HIGH SCHOOL, WHAT?
   A DAY FOR JUSTIN.
   FOR TIME OR ETERNITY.

 Young (Brigham) University, Provo, Utah. Dept. of Motion Picture
    Production.
   FOR TIME OR ETERNITY.

 Young (Brigham) University, Provo, Utah Motion Picture Dept.
   AFTER HIGH SCHOOL, WHAT.

 Young, Jeffrey.
   THE STRONGER.


                                   Z

 Zenger Productions, Inc.
   SLAVERY: AMERICA'S PECULIAR INSTITUTION.

 Zwart, Gerrit C.
   SEE Visual Sciences.

 Zwart, Helen Smith.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF BIOLOGY.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

              Catalog of Copyright Entries: _Third Series_

                    Volume 24, Parts 12-13, Number 2




                     Motion Pictures and Filmstrips




                             July-December
                                  1970


[Illustration: ☆THE☆LIBRARY☆OF☆CONGRESS☆]

                COPYRIGHT OFFICE—THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS
                            WASHINGTON: 1971


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                           L.C. card 6—35347

            This number identifies the Library of Congress
            printed card for the complete series of the
            Catalog of Copyright Entries.

            For sale by the Superintendent of Documents U.S.
            Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C.
            20402. Price of this part is given on page vi.




                      Catalog of Copyright Entries
                             _Third Series_


------------------------------------------------------------------------




                                Preface


The CATALOG OF COPYRIGHT ENTRIES is published by authority of sections
210 and 211 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_. Section 210
provides in part: “The current catalog of copyright entries and the
index volumes herein provided for shall be admitted in any court as
prima facie evidence of the facts stated therein as regards any
copyright registration.”

The _Catalog_ is subdivided into parts corresponding to the classes of
material listed in section 5 of Title 17 of the _United States Code_.
The table at the end of this preface shows the organization of the
_Catalog_, the symbols used with the registration numbers to identify
the classes, and the prices of the semiannual issues.

The record of each copyright registration listed in the _Catalog_
includes a description of the work copyrighted and data relating to the
copyright claim (the name of the copyright claimant as given in the
application for registration, the copyright date, the copyright
registration number, etc.).

For a more complete description of the contents of this issue of the
_Catalog_ see p. vii.

Information as to changes of copyright ownership is not included in the
_Catalog_, but a search of the Copyright Office Assignments and Related
Documents Indexes may be requested from the Register of Copyrights. A
fee for the search and report will be estimated at the statutory rate of
$5 per hour.

For each registration listed, except for renewals, there has been
deposited a copy or copies of the work in accordance with the provisions
contained in sections 12, 13, 14, or 215 of Title 17 of the _United
States Code_.

Orders, payable in advance, for all parts of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_ should be sent to the Superintendent of Documents, U.S.
Government Printing Office, Washington, D.C. 20402. Orders may be placed
for individual issues, as subscriptions for one or more parts, or for
the complete _Catalog_ at $50 a year, for periods of one, two, or three
years. All orders should state clearly the title and the inclusive dates
of the part wanted. Checks or money orders should be made payable to the
Superintendent of Documents.

The Copyright Office welcomes inquiries, suggestions, and comments on
the content and organization of the _Catalog_. Such communications
should be addressed to the Chief of the Cataloging Division, Copyright
Office, Library of Congress, Washington, D.C. 20540.


                         Organization of Parts

Each part listed in the following table records all current
registrations in the class or classes indicated by the alphabetical
symbols. Renewal registrations are listed separately at the end of each
related part. Some parts also contain registrations made under symbols
other than those listed for the particular part, if the subject matter
or type of material is similar to that generally included in the part.

The first letter of the symbol is that of the class under which
registration is made. Second and third letters, if any, that follow the
initial letter are added by the Copyright Office for the purpose of
statistical analysis. Their significance is as follows:

   F Published foreign works. In the case of books and periodicals, it
       designates works manufactured outside the United States (except
       those registered for ad interim copyright). In all other classes
       to which it applies, it designates works first published outside
       the United States, the authors of which are neither citizens nor
       domiciliaries of the United States. (AF, EF)

   I Books and periodicals registered for ad interim copyright. (AI, BI)

   O Published works of foreign origin registered under the
       waiver-of-fee provision (section 215 of Title 17 of the _United
       States Code_). (BIO, GFO)

   P Published works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works (except those for which the
       second letter F, explained above, is appropriate). (EP, JP)

   U Unpublished works in classes for which registration is possible for
       either published or unpublished works. (DU, EU)

                                                              _Price per
                                                              semiannual
                                                                  issue_

 Part 1      Books and Pamphlets, Including Serials and
               Contributions to Periodicals                        $7.50
 A             Books
 BB            Contributions to periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 2      Periodicals                                            2.50

 B             Periodicals
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 3-4   Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral Delivery            2.50
 C             Lectures and other works prepared for oral
                 delivery
 D             Dramatic or dramatico-musical works
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 5      Music                                                  7.50
 E             Musical compositions
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 6      Maps and Atlases                                       2.50
 F             Maps
 R             Renewal registrations
 Parts 7-11A Works of Art, Reproductions of Works of Art,
               Scientific and Technical Drawings,
               Photographic Works, Prints and Pictorial
               Illustrations                                       $2.50
 G             Works of art and models or designs for works
                 of art
 H             Reproductions of works of art
 I             Drawings or sculptural works of a scientific
                 or technical character
 J             Photographs
 K             Prints and pictorial illustrations
 R             Renewal registrations

 Part 11B    Commercial Prints and Labels                           2.50
 KK            Commercial prints and labels
 R             Renewal registrations

 Parts 12-13 Motion Pictures and Filmstrips                         2.50
 L             Motion-picture photoplays
 M             Motion pictures other than photoplays
 R             Renewal registrations


            Subscription price: Complete _Catalog_ for the
            year $50.00; $12.50 additional for foreign
            mailing. Orders, accompanied by remittances,
            should be addressed to the Superintendent of
            Documents, U.S. Government Printing Office,
            Washington, D.C. 20402.




                           Table of Contents


                                             Page
                       Current Registrations   73

                       Renewal Registrations  119

                       Name Index             129




                              Introduction


Parts 12-13 list published and unpublished motion pictures currently
registered in classes L and M, and filmstrips currently registered in
classes A and J. Films for which the copyright has been renewed are
listed separately in the Renewal Registrations section. The motion
pictures registered include feature pictures, cartoons, newsreels,
industrial films, classroom films, television films, etc. Many of the
recording scripts made to accompany filmstrips are registered in classes
C and D and are listed in _Parts 3-4: Dramas and Works Prepared for Oral
Delivery_.

Arrangement is by title. Each work is described in a main entry which
includes information pertinent to the copyright claim. References are
made from other titles associated with the films.

The Name Index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing
companies, sponsors, authors, etc. given in the main entries covers both
currently registered works and renewal registrations, the latter being
identified by the symbol (R).

For works currently registered each main entry includes the following
items of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Production statement including name of releaser.

  3) Physical description, including running time or number of reels,
       width of film, etc.

  4) Series statement.

  5) Author and title of the published work on which the film is based
       or with which it is correlated.

  6) Names given in the application which do not appear elsewhere in the
       entry.

  7) Name of the employer in the case of a work made for hire, if so
       named in the application.

  8) Information contained in the application which related to the
       registration of an earlier version of the work.

  9) Brief statement of the new matter on which copyright is claimed,
       preceded by the abbreviation NM, if this information is given in
       the application and is not indicated elsewhere in the entry.

 10) Copyright symbol ©.

 11) Name of the copyright claimant.

 12) For published works, date of publication as given in the
       application; for unpublished works, the date on which the last of
       all the items required to complete registration (i.e.,
       description and representative prints in the case of motion
       pictures—or a complete copy of the filmstrip—application,

 and fee) was received in the Copyright Office.

 13) Registration number.

For published works, whenever it is necessary to indicate a variation
between the information given in the application and in the copy of the
work with respect to the claimant’s name or date of publication, the
data from the application is given first, followed by the phrase “in
notice” and the data given in the work; e.g., © Richard Roe & Co.;
19Aug70 (in notice: 1969), LP38500.

Works deposited in connection with copyright registration may be
selected for inclusion in the collections of the Library of Congress.
Library of Congress printed cards are available for many of the
published works so selected. Orders for such cards or inquiries
concerning them should be addressed to the Card Division, Building No.
159, Navy Yard Annex, Washington, D.C. 20541.

For renewal registrations, the main entry includes the following items
of information if available and applicable:

  1) Title.

  2) Length of film in reels.

  3) Name of the author, which is usually the original producing
       company.

  4) Copyright symbol ©.

  5) Date of original copyright.

  6) Original registration number.

  7) Name of the renewal claimant followed by a statement usually
       abbreviated, giving the basis of the renewal claim as supplied by
       the applicant; e.g., “John Doe & Co. (PWH)” indicates that
       renewal of copyright is claimed by John Doe & Co. as proprietor
       of copyright in a work made for hire.

  8) Date of receipt of the renewal application or fee, whichever is
       later.

  9) Renewal registration number.




                    Registrations July-December 1970


 Class L— Domestic published motion-picture photoplays               449

          Foreign published motion-picture photoplays                 10

          Unpublished motion-picture photoplays                        6

 Class M— Domestic published motion pictures other than photoplays   483

          Unpublished motion pictures other than photoplays           62

 Filmstrips registered in class A                                    269

 Filmstrips registered in class J                                    349
                                                                   —————
          Total                                                    1,628

 Renewals: Class L and M                                             472

These figures represent the number of registrations for motion pictures
and filmstrips for July-December 1970, but do not necessarily represent
the exact number of entries in this issue of the _Catalog of Copyright
Entries_. Registration figures for other classes of material may be
found in the respective parts.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                     MOTION PICTURES AND FILMSTRIPS




                         CURRENT REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of domestic and foreign motion pictures and
filmstrips registered during the period covered by this issue.
References from variant titles and from distinctive subtitles are
interfiled.


                                   A

  ABNER WILLOUGHBY'S RETURN. See

    BONANZA.

  ABOUT MYSELF (Filmstrip) Bowmar. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Early
    childhood series, pt. 1) Contents: Everyone needs many things. 39
    fr.--My family and other families, alike and different. 33
    fr.--Myself and other people. 52 fr. Written by Ruth Jaynes,
    Beatrice Woodbridge & Nancy Curry. © Bowmar, Inc. a.a.d.o. Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 10Nov70; JP12644.

  ACETABULARIA: EXPERIMENTAL ALGA (Filmstrip) No. 1568. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    A196090.

  ACIDS AND BASES IN TITRATION. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio State
    University. 22 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental general
    chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert Barnard &
    Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept. of Chemistry (in
    notice: Ohio State University); 19Oct70; MP20955.

  ACTRESS. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  ADAM BUILDS A BANK: SAVING FOR GOODS AND SERVICES. See

    PRIMARY ECONOMICS.

  ADAM-12. Mark VII. [Canada] Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television
    & NBC-TV Network. © Adam-12 Productions.

    Log no.

    1. © 19Sep68; LP38093.

    11. © 3Oct68; LP38094.

    12. © 13Mar69; LP38414.

    32. © 9Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38091.

    33. © 30Jan69; LP38409.

    62. © 16Jan69; LP38408.

    73. © 20Feb69; LP38411.

    81. © 2Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38090.

    92. © 27Mar69; LP38416.

    102. © 27Feb69; LP38412.

    112. © 6Feb69; LP38410.

    141. © 2Sep68; LP38092.

    152. © 3Mar69; LP38413.

    172. © 20Mar69; LP38415.

  ADAM-12. Mark VII. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 26 min. each, sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Produced in association with Universal Television &
    NBC-TV Network. © Adam-12 Productions.

    Log no.

    22. © 5Apr69; LP38417.

  ADDITION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  ADDITION ALGORITHM. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  ADDITION AND ITS PROPERTIES. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION (Filmstrip) No. 737. Educational Projections
    Corp. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R.
    Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    10Nov68; JP12660.

  ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  ADDITION & SUBTRACTION ON THE ABACUS. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  ADDITION: BASE 5 (Filmstrip) No. 1253. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide,
    5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Apr70; A196084.

  ADDITION: TWO DIGIT PLUS TWO DIGIT, REGROUPING ONES TO TENS. Reela
    Educational Films. 3 min., sd., b&w, Super 8 mm. (Learneasy series)
    Loop film. © Reela Educational Films; 31Jul70; MU8215.

  ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS (Filmstrip) Blakiston Division,
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by William Claiborne. 9 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With kit. Contents: Oral medications. 48 fr.--Subcutaneous
    and intradermal injections. 61 fr.--Intramuscular injections. 60
    fr.--Intravenous therapy. 48 fr.--Eye medications. 58 fr.--Nasal
    medications. 34 fr.--Ear medications. 35 fr.--Colon medications. 36
    fr.--Bladder medications. 42 fr. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Apr70; A166580.

  ADVANCED TOPICS IN QUADRATIC EQUATIONS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. Planned & written by Victor Burgard.
    © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
    District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan70; A163016.

  ADVENTURE IN LITERATURE. See

    THE AMERICAN HUMORISTS.

    OUR HERITAGE FROM ANCIENT ROME.

  THE ADVENTURERS. Avco Embassy Pictures Corp. Released by Paramount
    Pictures Corp. 171 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the
    novel by Harold Robbins. Appl. author: Adventurers Film A.G. ©
    Paramount Pictures Corp. & Avco Embassy Pictures Corp.; 18Feb70;
    LP38129.

  AFRICAN ANCESTRY (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by Blackside. 63
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black Americans) With
    Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70; A178315.

  AFRICAN CULTURAL BACKGROUNDS (Filmstrip) No. 9014. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    A196099.

  AN AFRICAN ESSAY (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
    N.Y., a division of Harcourt, Brace & World. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 71
    fr.; pt. 2, 81 fr.), color, 35 mm. Taken from Earth shine, by Anne
    Morrow Lindbergh. Director of photography, William Hubbell; editor,
    Margaret Thompson. © Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc.; 5Nov69; JP12606.

  AFRICAN FOLK TALES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 15 p. Contents: The
    creation of man. 46 fr.--The man who owned the moon. 45 fr.--Kintu
    and the law of love. 47 fr.--The queen of the pool. 45 fr.--Kinneneh
    and the gorilla. 46 fr.--The city of the elephants. 45 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 23Apr70; JP12456.

  AFRICAN SCENE. See

    A FAMILY OF LIBERIA.

    YOUTH BUILDS A NATION IN TANZANIA.

  LAS AFUERAS DE LA CIUDAD (Filmstrip) S-165. Educational Projections
    Corp. 31 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 13Mar69; JP12387.

  AGE OF ELECTRONICS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  AGREEMENT (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 51 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (English 1-A) Planned & written by John B. Ceniceros. © Mt. San
    Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in
    notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan68; A163013.

  AGRICULTURE IN THE SOVIET UNION. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  AIDS IN SPELLING (Filmstrip) 197. Educational Projections Corp. 37
    fr., color, 35 mm. Graphics by Jo Ann Palmer. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 31Mar67; JP12408.

  AIR-COOLED ENGINE-UITY. Volkswagen of America. Made by Marathon
    International Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marathon
    International Productions, Inc.; 20Nov70; MP20943.

  AIR POLLUTION. Gilbert Altschul Productions. Made by Journal Films. 11
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Leonard Slaton. © Gilbert
    Altschul Productions, Inc.; 27Nov68; MP20864.

  AIR TRAFFIC CONTROLLER. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  AIRBORN. Charles P. Wyndham. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Charles P.
    Wyndham; 15Nov69; MP20872.

  AIRCRAFT ENGINE MECHANIC. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  AIRFRAME MECHANIC. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  AIRLINES PASSENGER SERVICE AGENT. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  ALL AROUND WITH CIRCLES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color,
    35 mm. (How does it work and what does it look like?) Author, Marian
    Frances; illustrator, Veronica Buffington. © Troll Associates;
    26Jan70; A166408.

  ALL FLAGS FLYING. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  ALL TUCKERED OUT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38350.

  ALLIANCE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  ALLIGATORS AND CROCODILES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20665.

  ALMOST EVERYONE DOES. Wombat Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Wombat Productions, Inc.; 15Oct70; MP20919.

  AMAZON JUNGLE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20695.

  AMBROGIO LORENZETTI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec65; JP12690.

  AMEDEO MODIGLIANI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 14 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Arrangement & text by Carol A. Peterson. © Herbert E.
    Budek Films & Slides; 1Mar67; JP12703.

  AMERICA IS HARD TO SEE. March Twelve Co. 4 reels, sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    March Twelve Co.; 12Mar70; MP20629.

  AMERICAN BEARS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20675.

  THE AMERICAN COWBOY (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 2 filmstrips (pt.1, 50
    fr.; pt. 2, 52 fr.), color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 1 v.
    Written & edited by Ellen & Kenneth McGill. © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 15Jan70 (Teacher's guide in notice: 1969); A153956.

  AMERICAN FOLK HEROES AND TALL TALES. See

    THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN AND ICHABOD CRANE.

    JOHN HENRY AND HIS MIGHTY HAMMER.

    JOHNNY APPLESEED.

    PAUL BUNYAN AND HIS GREAT BLUE OX.

    PECOS BILL AND LIGHTNING.

    RIP VAN WINKLE.

  AMERICAN FOLKLORE (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 11 p. Contents: Paul
    Bunyan. 47 fr.--Mike Fink. 44 fr.--Pecos Bill. 48 fr.--John Henry.
    47 fr.--Joe Magarac. 46 fr.--Casey Jones. 46 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 6Nov69; JP12458.

  AMERICAN GOSPEL OF SUCCESS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33
    fr., color, 35 mm. (History 17-B) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o.
    Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan68; JP12530.

  THE AMERICAN HUMORISTS (Filmstrip) Harcourt, Brace & World. 2
    filmstrips (pt. 1, 90 fr., pt. 2, 111 fr.), color and b&w, 35 mm.
    (Adventure in literature) Appl. author: Guidance Associates of
    Pleasantville. © Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc.; 18Dec69; JP12422.

  AMERICAN INDIANS AND HOW THEY REALLY LIVED. See

    CHINOOK, FISHERMEN OF THE NORTHWEST.

    THE CROW, PEOPLE OF THE GREAT PLAINS HOPI AND NAVAJO, PEOPLE OF THE
      SOUTHWEST.

    IROQUOIS, PEOPLE OF THE LONGHOUSE.

    THE SEMINOLES OF THE SOUTH.

  AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional
    Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 15 p.
    Contents: Who they are. 52 fr.--Their history. 54 fr.--Their homes.
    51 fr.--Their handicrafts. 52 fr.--Their religions. 53 fr.--Their
    life today. 51 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 22Apr70; JP12459.

  AMERICAN NAISSANCE: JOURNEY WITH A FRIEND. Pomes & Popcorn. 26 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Childbirth Without
    Pain Education Assoc. © Pomes & Popcorn; 6Nov70; MP20969.

  AMERICAN PAGEANT WRITERS. See

    WILLA CATHER, REBEL FROM RED CLOUD.

  AMERICAN POETRY OF THE 19TH CENTURY (Filmstrip) No. 5026. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature release)
    With Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.;
    6Apr70; A19615O.

  AMERICAN PRAIRIE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20697.

  AMERICAN PROFILE. See

    MUSIC FROM THE LAND.

  AMERICANS ON THE MOVE (Filmstrip) No. 861. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70;
    A196110.

  AMERICA'S HEROES: ABRAHAM LINCOLN. Coronet Instructional Films. 11
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20575.

  AMERICA'S HEROES: GEORGE WASHINGTON. Coronet Instructional Films. 11
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20574.

  AMIGOS ANIMALES APRENDEN A COMPARTIR. See

    LOS ANIMALES AMIGOS APRENDEN A COMPARTIR.

  AMINO ACID STRUCTURE AND THE PEPTIDE LINK (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment. 81 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author:
    Robert L. Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198784.

  ANALYSIS OF BEHAVIOR. See

    PERCEPTION.

  ANALYZING SCIENTIFIC DATA (Filmstrip) No. 680. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Physics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69;
    A196123.

  ANATOMY OF A LYNCHING. See

    BONANZA.

  ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE COURTSHIP. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
    Nett-Link Productions. 27 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. of Are you
    ready for marriage? © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 8Jan70; MP20587.

  ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE ENGAGEMENT. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
    Nett-Link Productions. 26 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. of The
    meaning of engagement. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20586.

  ANCIENT INDIA: A CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION (Filmstrip) No. 9012. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies
    release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
    Inc.; 3Nov69; A196097.

  ANCIENT PHOENICIA AND HER CONTRIBUTIONS. Atlantis Productions. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: J. Michael Hagopian. ©
    Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 1Apr68; MP20840.

  AND THOSE UNBORN. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  THE ANGEL LEVINE. Belafonte Enterprises. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by Bernard
    Malamud. © Belafonte Enterprises, Inc.; 15Jul70; LP38169.

  ANGLES AND MORE ANGLES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr., color, 35
    mm. (How does it work and what does it look like?) Author, Patricia
    Marshall; illustrator, Veronica Buffington. © Troll Associates;
    26Jan70; A166410.

  ANIMAL DEFENSE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20718.

  ANIMAL SPEEDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20716.

  ANIMAL SWIMMING TECHNIQUES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20717.

  LOS ANIMALES AMIGOS APRENDEN A COMPARTIR (Filmstrip) S-188.
    Educational Projections Corp. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: Los
    amigos animales aprenden a compartir. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 1Apr69; JP12400.

  ANIMALES EN EL INVIERNO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  ANOTHER WINDMILL TO GO. See

    BONANZA.

  ANSWERING WANT ADS (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2
    filmstrips (2006-A, 63 fr.; 2006-B, 48 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 30Dec68; JP12356.

  ANTARCTICA: WASTELAND OR RESOURCE? (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. 45
    fr., color, 35 mm. (South Pacific geography series) Produced in
    collaboration with Black Star Pub. Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69;
    JP12468.

  ANTELOPE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20679.

  ANTERIOR ASPECT OF LEG & DORSUM OF FOOT. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 3Aug70; MU8212.

  ANTERIOR ASPECT OF THE THIGH. Teaching Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V
    Corp.; 3Aug70; MU8213.

  ANTIGONE. See

    SOPHOCLES' ANTIGONE.

  ANTLERS AND HORNS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20727.

  ANTS AT WORK. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20685.

  ANTS IN THE PANTRY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 10Jun70;
    LP38110.

  AORTIC ARCH AND CAROTID SINUS REFLEXES. Iowa State University. 4 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21003.

  APACHE. See

    SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAMILIES.

  APACHE TRUST. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  APOLLO 12 (Filmstrip) A. J. Nystrom & Co. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl.
    states all new except U.S. Govt. photos. © Nystrom (in notice: A. J.
    Nystrom & Co.); 28Apr70; JP12552.

  APPLIED GEOMETRY (Filmstrip) No. 1185. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide,
    5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69; A196116.

  APPROACH AND PRESENTATION (Filmstrip) American Training Academy. 47
    fr., color, 35 mm. Original material, research & direction by James
    L. Miller. Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr67, JP10227. NM: additions &
    revisions. © James L. Miller; 11Feb70; JU12639.

  APRENDIENDO A COOPERAR (Filmstrip) S-122. Educational Projections
    Corp. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    30Jul68; JP12378.

  ARAB WORLD AND ISLAM (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Paul Peller; illustrator,
    Necati Itez. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70; A166449.

  ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology, C-2A) Planned & written by
    Sheldon Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jan68; JP12512.

  ARE MOTHERS PEOPLE. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  ARE YOU A GOOD CITIZEN. See

    DEMOCRACY: YOUR VOICE CAN BE HEARD.

  ARE YOU READY FOR MARRIAGE. See

    ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE COURTSHIP.

  THE ARISTOCATS. Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena Vista
    Distribution Co. 79 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by Tom
    McGowan & Tom Rowe. © Walt Disney Productions; 10Aug70; LP38283.

  AROUND THE WORLD WITH MAGELLAN (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (World explorers) Author, Brian James; illustrator,
    Peter Christensen. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166423.

  ART FOR MONKEE'S SAKE. See

    THE MONKEES. 37.

  THE ART OF CARVING. Journal Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Bruce Colling. © Journal Films, Inc.; 24Jan69; MP20862.

  ARTERIAL AND VENOUS BLOODS. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color,
    16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o.
    Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21013.

  ARTERIAL AND VENOUS PRESSURES. Iowa State University. 4 min., si.,
    color 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21006.

  ARTERIAL ELASTICITY AND BLOOD FLOW. Iowa State University. 4 min.,
    si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21007.

  ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) Appl. ti.: Civil War artillery. © Educational
    Direction, Inc.; 22Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12715.

  ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) With Teacher's guide, 41 p. Morris Gall, general
    editor; Alexander M. Butman, associate editor. Appl. ti.: Civil War
    artillery. © Educational Direction, Inc.; 27Feb70 (in notice: 1969);
    JP12726.

  AS THE CHALLENGER CHALLENGES (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler
    Corp. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Ross Roy, Inc. © Chrysler
    Corp.; 23Sep70; JP12539.

  ASI ES MI TIERRA (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 2 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With kit. Contents: Mexico y Espana. 47 fr.--El
    mercado. 49 fr. Written by Carlos H. Monsanto; photographs by Sidney
    & Mary Lee Nolan. © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep70; JP12650.

  ASTRONAUTS: SAILOR SCIENTISTS OF SPACE. See

    [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES]

  ASTRONUT. See

    BALLOON SNATCHER.

    GOING APE.

    HOKEY HOME MOVIES.

    THE INVISIBEAM.

    JOLLY JUPITER.

    MARTIAN MOOCHERS.

    MARTIAN RECIPE.

    MOVIE MAGIC.

    NO SPACE LIKE HOME.

    OSCAR'S BIRTHDAY PRESENT.

    OSCAR'S THINKING CAP.

    THE PROTON PULSATOR.

    SPACE COWBOY.

  ASWAN: HIGH DAM ON THE NILE (Filmstrip) No. 857. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69;
    A196106.

  ATOMIC AND BONDING ORBITALS. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John
    Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20552.

  AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY (Filmstrip) Columbia Hospital for Women, George
    Washington University School of Medicine. 2 filmstrips in 1 roll,
    color, 16 mm. (Metropolitan Washington regional medical program)
    Contents: Granulosa cell tumor. 89 fr.--Benign cystic teratoma. 111
    fr. Medical illustration, Jan Wyman; graphics, Doc Mastbrook & Ruth
    Streeter; photography, Earle Newcity, Fred Hissong & Jim Kendrick. ©
    John L. Marlow & William J. Jaffurs; 10Dec69; JP12426.

  AULD LANG SYNE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  AUNT MEHITABLE'S FUNERAL AND OTHER COASTAL MAINE STORIES. See

    A DOWNEAST SMILE-IN. Part 1.

  AUSTRALIA: INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made
    by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power
    International Productions & McGraw-Hill. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (South Pacific geography series) © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec68; JP12466.

  AUSTRALIA: THE LAND AND ITS PRODUCTS (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power
    International Productions & McGraw-Hill. 44 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (South Pacific geography series) © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec68; JP12465.

  AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY. See

    ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.

    BATTERY TESTING.

    DOUBLE-CONTACT VOLTAGE REGULATOR.

    THE FOUR STROKE CYCLE ENGINE.

    HOW TO READ A MICROMETER.

    OHM'S LAW.

    PAINTING.

    PAINTING PROBLEMS.

    SHRINKING METAL.

    STEERING GEOMETRY.

  AUTUMN COMES TO THE CITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20580.

  AYUDANTES PARA NUESTRA CASA. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  AYUDANTES PARA NUESTRA ESCUELA. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  AZTECAS. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.


                                   B

  BABOONS (Filmstrip) Education Development Center. 12 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Education Development Center, Inc.; 26Jun69; JP12654.

  BABY ANIMAL SURVIVAL. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20736.

  BABY BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20683.

  BABY BIRDS, HIGH AND LOW (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Friendly animal families) Author, Allen Crawford;
    illustrator, Guy Brison. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166425.

  BACK ON THE ROAD WITH CHARLES KURALT. See

    WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY.

  BACK TO EARTH. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  BAD DAY FOR A BAD MAN. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  BAD LUCK DAY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (In notice:
    1963); LP38342.

  THE BADGER. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20713.

  BAG BREATHING (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 144 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12615.

  BALBOA DISCOVERS THE PACIFIC (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 37 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (World explorers) Author, Thomas Crawford;
    illustrator, Robert Smith. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166421.

  THE BALLAD OF CABLE HOGUE. Phil Feldman Productions. Released by
    Warner Bros. 121 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Phil Feldman
    Productions, Inc. & Warner Bros., Inc.; 1Mar70; LP38145.

  BALLAD OF DINGUS MAGEE. See

    DIRTY DINGUS MAGEE.

  THE BALLAD OF THE IRON HORSE. John H. Secondari Productions. 51 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in association with ABC News. © John H.
    Secondari Productions, Ltd.; 2Mar70; MP20823.

  BALLET WITH EDWARD VILLELLA. Learning Co. of America. 27 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38317.

  BALLOON SNATCHER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38426.

  BAND CAMP. Edinboro State College. 28 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Edinboro State College; 1Sep70; MP20925.

  BANDITS A MARSEILLE. See

    BORSALINO.

  BARQUERO. Aubrey Schenck Enterprises. Released by United Artists Corp.
    108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Aubrey Schenck Enterprises, Inc.;
    15May70; LP38059.

  BARRIER BEACH. Mary R. Hill. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Mary R.
    Hill; 2Nov70; MP20964.

  BASE CHARACTERISTICS. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20878.

  BASIC: A COMPUTER LANGUAGE. Lesson 1-3. William M. Slaichert. 3 motion
    pictures (50 min. each), sd., color. (Series 70) Videotape. ©
    William M. Slaichert; 18Nov70; MU8261.

  BASIC BALL DRIBBLING. Martin Moyer Productions. 10 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Martin Moyer. © Martin Moyer Productions;
    21Aug70; MP20830.

  BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING. Marjorie E. Carson & Donald M. Johnson. 4
    motion pictures in 1 roll, sd., b&w, 16 mm. Contents: Horizontal
    centering using the back spacing method. 4 min.--Horizontal
    centering using the math method. 7 min.--Spread centering using the
    back spacing method. 5 min.--Spread centering using the math method.
    5 min. © Marjorie E. Carson & Donald M. Johnson; 8Sep70; MU8226.

  BASIC PROPERTIES. See

    MATHEMATICS. LEVEL 3.

  BASIC PROPERTIES OF ADDITION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  BASIC READING (Filmstrip) J. B. Lippincott Co. Made by Society for
    Visual Education. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Textfilm, no. 1-8)
    With Teacher's guide, 64 p. Correlated with Book A-D. Contents:
    A-117-1--A-117-8: Book A. 46 fr.--Book B, pt. 1. 58 fr.--Book B, pt.
    2. 42 fr.--Book C, pt. 1. 67 fr.--Book C, pt. 2. 66 fr.--Book D, pt.
    1. 54 fr.--Book D, pt. 2. 62 fr.--Book D, pt. 3. 44 fr. Authors,
    Glenn McCracken & Charles C. Walcutt. Appl. authors: Ann Atene &
    others. NM: additions & revisions. © J. B. Lippincott Co.; 19May69;
    A199781.

  BATTERY TESTING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 31 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Automotive technology) Planned & written by Sheldon Abbott. ©
    Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
    District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jun70; JP12581.

  BE A DANGER FIGHTER (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 37 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Practicing good citizenship) Author, Brian James; illustrator,
    Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166402.

  BE CREDIT-WISE (Filmstrip) Money Management Institute of Household
    Finance Corp. Made by Betzer Productions. 85 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Based on the booklet It's your credit--manage it wisely. Appl.
    author: Shari Gruits Bryant. © Money Management Institute of
    Household Finance Corp.; 15Sep70; JP12505.

  BEAKS AND BILLS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20725.

  BEAUTIFUL WORLD. See

    THE WORLD AROUND ME.

  THE BEAVER, NATURE'S ENGINEER. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20712.

  BEHAVIOR OF A PURPLE BACTERIUM. Regents of University of Colorado. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop
    film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents
    of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20758.

  BEHAVIOR THERAPY OR CLIENT-CENTERED THERAPY: A DEBATE BETWEEN JOHN D.
    KRUMBOLTZ AND C. H. PATTERSON. Washington University & American
    Personnel & Guidance Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Distinguished contributors to counseling series) Developed in
    cooperation with KETC-TV. © American Personnel & Guidance Assn.;
    1Jun70; MP20800.

  BELOVED FAIRY TALES. See

    DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT.

    THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER.

    THE EMPEROR AND THE NIGHTINGALE.

    JORINDA AND JORINGEL.

    RAPUNZEL.

    RUMPELSTILTSKIN.

  THE BELT AND SUSPENDERS MAN. Sherfield Productions. 125 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Donald J. Levy. © Sherfield Productions;
    2Nov69; LP38142.

  THE BENGAL TIGER. Joan Davis. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Joan Davis;
    2Sep70; MU8234.

  BENIGN CYSTIC TERATOMA. See

    AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

  BEYOND THE VALLEY OF THE DOLLS. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 109
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp.; 26Jun70; LP38187.

  THE BIG JACKPOT. See

    BONANZA.

  THE BIG LIGHTHOUSE AND THE LITTLE STEAMSHIP. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 9 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Ju170; MP20911.

  BIG MOSE, HERO FIREMAN. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  BIG OL' KATIE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  BIGHORN SHEEP. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20674.

  BIOCHEMISTRY OF ENZYME ACTION (Filmstrip) No. 1564. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    A196086.

  BIRD MIGRATION. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20715.

  BIRDS OF THE GALAPAGOS. Hartley Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Elda Hartley. © Hartley Productions, Inc.;
    23Oct70; MP20982.

  BISON. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20678.

  BLACK MEN AND IRON HORSES. New York Times Co. & Arno Press. 18 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A Rediscovery production. © New York Times Co.;
    15Nov69; LP38060.

  BLACK PARTICIPATION IN THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co.
    Made by Blackside. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of
    black Americans) With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.;
    17Jul70; A178324.

  THE BLACK REVOLUTION (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by Blackside.
    63 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black Americana)
    With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70; A178319.

  BLACK THUMB. King Screen Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 2Dec70; MP20999.

  BLACK VIEWPOINTS ON THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett
    Co. Made by Blackside. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history
    of black Americans) With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.;
    17Jul70; A178317.

  BLADDER MEDICATIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  BLOOD CELL PHYSIOLOGY (Filmstrip) No. 1566. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69;
    A196088.

  BLOOD COAGULATION. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21012.

  THE BOATNIKS. Walt Disney Productions. Distributed by Buena Vista
    Distribution Co. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a story by
    Marty Roth. © Walt Disney Productions; 21May70; LP38057.

  BOB BODDEN AND THE GOOD SHIP ROVER. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  BODY COLD. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE BOLD ONES. Harbour-UTV. [Canada] MCA-TV, exclusive distributor.
    Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. (The New doctors) Produced
    with the NBC-TV Network. © Universal City Studios, Inc.

    And those unborn. © 16Dec69; LP38493.

    Crisis. © 2Dec69; LP38492

    Dark is the rainbow, loud is the silence. © 24Feb70 (in notice:
      1969); LP38496.

    If I can't sing, I'll listen. © 13Jan70; LP38498.

    Man without a heart. © 4Nov69; LP38489.

    One small step for man. © 18Nov69; LP38491.

    The rebellion of the body. © 19Oct69; LP38495.

    This day's child. © 3Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38497.

    To save a life. © 9Sep69; LP38490.

    What's the price of a pair of eyes? © 23Sep69; LP38494.

  THE BOLD ONES. Universal City Studios. [Canada] MCA-TV, exclusive
    distributor. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color. 35 mm. (The
    Protectors) Produced with the NBC-TV Network. © Universal City
    Studios, Inc.

    The carrier. © 6Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38500.

    A case of good whiskey at Christmas time. © 23Sep69; LP38503.

    Draw a straight man. © 9Dec69; LP38502.

    If I should wake before I die. © 21Oct69; LP38504.

    Memo from the class of '76. © 8Mar70; LP38501.

    A thing not of God. © 27Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38499.

  THE BOLD ONES. Universal-Public Arts Productions. [Canada] MCA-TV,
    exclusive distributor. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. (The
    Lawyers) Produced with the NBC-TV Network. © Universal-Public Arts
    Productions.

    The crowd pleaser. © 28Oct69; LP38488.

    A game of chance. Based on a novel by Whit Masterson. © 16Sep69;
      LP38483.

    The people against Ortega. © 19Sep69; LP38487.

    The Rockford riddle. © 11Nov69; LP38485.

    Shriek of silence. © 25Nov69; LP38486.

    Trial of a Mafioso. © 30Dec69; LP38484.

  BOLIVAR: LATIN-AMERICAN PATRIOT (Filmstrip) No. 858. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69;
    A196107.

  BOMBERO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  BONANZA. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color,
    16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

    Abner Willoughby's return. © 15Dec69; LP38267.

    Anatomy of a lynching. © 1Oct69; LP38261.

    Another windmill to go. © 28Aug69; LP38257.

    The big jackpot. © 23Dec69; LP38269.

    Caution: Easter Bunny crossing. © 13Feb70; LP38275.

    Danger road. © 29Dec69; LP38270.

    A darker shadow. © 27Oct69; LP38264.

    Dead wrong. © 31Oct69; LP38265.

    Decision at Los Robles. © 10Mar70; LP38278.

    The gold mine. © 25Feb70; LP38277.

    The horse traders. © 18Mar70; LP38279.

    Is there any man here? © 30Jan70; LP38272.

    It's a small world. © 22Dec69; LP38268.

    The lady and the mark. © 5Dec69; LP38266.

    The law and Billy Burgess. © 5Feb70; LP38274.

    A lawman's lot is not a happy one. © 25Aug69; LP38256.

    Long way to Ogden. © 4Feb70; LP38273.

    A matter of circumstance. © 25Mar70; LP38280.

    The medal. © 11Aug69; LP38255.

    Meena. © 22Sep69; LP38260.

    Old friends. © 10Oct69; LP38263.

    Return engagement. © 20Feb70; LP38276.

    The silence at Stillwater. © 29Aug69; LP38258.

    The stalker. © 2Oct69; LP38262.

    To stop a war. © 11Sep69; LP38259.

    The trouble with Amy. © 12Jan70; LP38271.

    What are pardners for? © 2Apr70; LP38281.

    The witness. © 8Aug69; LP38254.

  BOOM'S LAND BOOMERANG. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  THE BOOK DURING THE ISLAMIC NAISSANCE AND EUROPEAN RENAISSANCE. See

    OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

  BOOMSVILLE. National Film Board of Canada. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © National Film Board of
    Canada; 1Feb70 (in notice: 1968); MP20793.

  BORA BORA. American International Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. © American International Pictures, Inc.; 25Feb70; LP38189.

  BORROWING MONEY. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  BORSALINO. Adel Productions, Marianne Productions & Mars Film
    Produzione. [Paris] Released in the U.S. by Paramount Pictures Corp.
    128 min., sd., color, 35 mm. D'apres Bandits a Marseille, de Eugene
    Saccomando. © Adel Productions; 20Mar70; LF63.

  BOSTON POPS SHOW. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  BOSTON: THE NEW AND THE HISTORIC (Filmstrip) International Film
    Bureau. 84 fr., color, 35 mm. © Melvin Brodshaug; 15Jul70 (in
    notice: 1969); JP12759.

  BOY FRIENDS AND GIRL FRIENDS (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp.
    2 filmstrips (2131-A, 59 fr.; 2031-B, 44 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 25May70; JP12348.

  A BOY'S JOURNEY THROUGH A DAY. Coronet Instructional Films. 17 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 6Feb70; MP20589.

  BRAINWASH '70. Tambarlee International. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Edward R. Davis a.k.a. Beau R. Davis. © Edward R.
    Davis d.b.a. Tambarlee International, Inc.; 5Oct70; MU8248.

  BREAKFAST, I LOVE YOU. Concepts Unlimited. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Concepts Unlimited, Inc.; 15Mar70; MP20741.

  BREAKING THE FEAR HABIT (Filmstrip) American Training Academy. 50 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Original material, research & direction by James L.
    Miller. Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr67, JP10225. NM: additions &
    revisions. © James L. Miller; 11Feb70; JU12642.

  THE BREATH OF LIFE: BREATHING IN THE SEA. Reela Educational Films, a
    division of Wometco Enterprises. Released by Sterling Movies,
    Educational Films Division. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with University of Miami School of Marine & Atmospheric
    Sciences, Dade County Public Schools & Editors of International
    Oceanographic Foundation Publications. © Reela Educational Films
    a.a.d.o. Reela Films, a division of Reela Film Laboratories, Inc.;
    21Jul70; MP20808.

  BRIDGEWORK. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists Corp.
    7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 26Aug70; LP38227.

  BROADENING PERSPECTIVES (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by
    Blackside. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black
    Americans) With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70;
    A178321.

  BROKEN SEAL. See

    TORA! TORA! TORA.

  THE BROTHERS CANNON. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  BROWN 'N' SERVE COMPANY TOUCH. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  BROWN RICE. Andy Burke. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Andy Burke;
    9Dec70; LU3601.

  BRUCE. Guidance Camps. Released by Center for Mass Communication,
    Columbia University Press. 26 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the Mental
    Health Training Film Program, Harvard Medical School. Appl. author;
    Edward A. Mason. © Guidance Camps, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP20930.

  BULLITT. Solar Productions. Released by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 114
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the novel Mute witness, by Robert
    L. Pike. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc. & Solar Productions, Inc.;
    1Dec68; LP38106.

  THE BULLY. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  EL BURRO QUE PRETENDIO SER LEON (Filmstrip) S-148. Educational
    Projections Corp. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por
    Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections Corp.; 23Dec68; JP12385.

  THE BUSHBABY. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 101 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Maxwell-Trent production. Based on the novel by William H.
    Stevenson. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP38192.

  THE BUSHMAN IN THE KALAHARI (Filmstrip) American Anthropological Assn.
    Made by Macmillan Co. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. Photography & narration
    by Richard B. Lee. © American Anthropological Assn.; 12Aug68;
    JP12503.

  BUSINESS EDUCATION. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  BUSINESS MACHINE MECHANIC. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  THE BUSINESS OFFICE: MAKING THINGS HAPPEN. Journal Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Rusty Rudo. © Gilbert Altschul
    Productions, Inc.; 18Dec69; MP20865.

  BUSMAN'S HOLIDAY. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  THE BUSY-BODY. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  BUT WHAT CAN I DO? Christian Board of Directors. 71 min., sd., color.
    © Christian Science Board of Directors; 5Oct70; MU8246.

  BUTTERFLY. Computer Image Corp. 2 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: Les Weisbrich. © Computer Image Corp.; 22Jul70; MP20887.

  BUYING CAREFULLY. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  THE BYZANTINE EMPIRE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Paul Peller; illustrator,
    Regina Grundberg. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70; A166445.


                                   C

  CBS PLAYHOUSE. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 90 min. each
    unless otherwise indicated, sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © Columbia
    Broadcasting System, Inc.

    The day before Sunday. © 5Feb70; LP38287.

  C. H. PATTERSON: CLIENT-CENTERED COUNSELING. Washington University &
    American Personnel Guidance Assn. Made by Distinguished Contributors
    Films. 40 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Distinguished contributors to
    counseling series) Developed in cooperation with KETC-TV. ©
    Distinguished Contributors Films, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20660.

  CALENDAR STUDY SERIES (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by
    McGraw-Hill Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: The day. 35
    fr.--The week. 34 fr.--The month. 43 fr.--The year. 37 fr.--The
    seasons. Appl. ti.: The four seasons. 34 fr.--Reading and comparing
    dates. 36 fr. Produced in collaboration with Golt Educational
    Materials. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12478-12483.

  CALIBRATION OF A THERMOMETER: MELTING POINT. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio
    State University. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental
    general chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert
    Barnard & Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept. of
    Chemistry (in notice: Ohio State University); 18Sep70; MP20960.

  CALIFORNIA TEST. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  CAMELOT. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 158 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. Based on the play of the same title, from The Once and
    future king, by T. H. White. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.;
    21Oct67; LP38107.

  CAN YOU FEATURE THAT! (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made
    by Ross Roy, Inc. 68 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Sep70;
    JP12549.

  CANDYLEG. See

    MACHINE GUN MCCAIN.

  CANNON FOR CORDOBA. Mirisch Productions. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Mirisch
    Productions, Inc.; 7Oct70; LP38251.

  CAPITALIZATION: DON'T HIDE IN TREES, PLEASE! (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 24 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language)
    Author, Edward McCullough; illustrator, Gordon Hart. © Troll
    Associates; 14Jan70; A166440.

  CAPITOL AND ITS HISTORY. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  CAPITOL AND VICINITY. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  CAPTAIN ABNER AND HENRY Q. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  THE CAPTURE OF A SMILE: DOLPHIN CAPTURE AND TRAINING. Reela
    Educational Films, a division of Wometco Enterprises. Released by
    Sterling Movies, Educational Film Division. 11 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced in cooperation with University of Miami School of
    Marine & Atmospheric Sciences, Dade County Public Schools & Editors
    of International Oceanographic Foundation Publications. © Reela
    Educational Films a.a.d.o. Reela Films, a division of Reela Film
    Laboratories, Inc.; 15Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20806.

  CARBOHYDRATE STRUCTURE AND THE GLYCOSIDIC LINK (Filmstrip) Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment. 97 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit.
    Author: Robert L. Gering; developed by Information Applications. ©
    Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198777.

  CARBON MONOXIDE POISONING, HYPOHEMOGLOBINEMIC HYPOXIA. Iowa State
    University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) ©
    Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science &
    Technology; 15Oct69; MP21004.

  CARDIAC MUSCLE CONTRASTED WITH SKELETAL MUSCLE. See

    PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.

  CARDIAC RESPONSE TO AN ARTIFICIAL PACEMAKER. See

    PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.

  A CARDIO-INHIBITORY REFLEX IN A DIVING DUCK. Iowa State University. 3
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    15Oct69; MP21001.

  CARDIO-PULMONARY RESUSCITATION (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 121 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70;
    JP12614.

  [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION] Pt. 7 (Filmstrip) Educational
    Projections Corp. 12 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents:
    2034A-2034B--2039A-2039B: Surgical technician. 53 fr.--Optometric
    assistant. 48 fr.--Nurse's aide. 49 fr.--Ward clerk, hospital. 51
    fr.--Practical nurse. 51 fr.--Certified laboratory assistant. 55
    fr.--Electronic technician. 51 fr.--Business machine mechanic. 52
    fr.--Business education. 50 fr.--Cosmetology. 52 fr.--Technical
    drafting. 49 fr.--Commercial cooking. 54 fr. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 5Jun70; JP12418.

  CAREERS: AGRI-BUSINESS. Doubleday-ICF. Made by Sunburst Films. 12
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Doubleday-ICF, a division of Doubleday &
    Co., Inc.; 10Jan70; MP20594.

  CAREERS IN THE COMPUTER FIELD (Filmstrip) No. 425. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Apr70;
    A196147.

  CAREERS: SALES. Doubleday Multimedia. Made by Showest. 12 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Doubleday Multimedia, a division of Doubleday & Co.,
    Inc.; 6Jan70; MP20593.

  CARING FOR THE PATIENT WITH A COLOSTOMY. American Cancer Society,
    Florida Division. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation
    with WEDU-TV. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 26Sep69; MP20787.

  CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP. Washington University & American
    Personnel & Guidance Assn. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Distinguished contributors to counseling series) Developed in
    cooperation with KETC-TV. © American Personnel & Guidance Assn.;
    1Jul70; MP20799.

  THE CARP. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20704.

  CARRIER. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  CARTESIAN GRAPHING. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film.
    © Macmillan Co.; 20Jul70; MP20774.

  CASANOVA O'CASEY. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  CASE OF GOOD WHISKEY AT CHRISTMAS TIME. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  A CASE STUDY (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 99 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12612.

  CASEY JONES. See

    AMERICAN FOLKLORE.

  CATARACT SURGERY SERIES. See

    SURGERY OF SENILE CATARACT: INTRACAPSULAR CRYOEXTRACTION.

    SURGERY OF SENILE CATARACT: OVERALL STUDY OF DETAILS.

  CATCH-22. Filmways. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 121 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by Joseph Heller.
    © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 5Jun70; LP38130.

  CATFISH CRISIS. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38375.

  TH' CATFISH POACHIN' PELICAN. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64
    (in notice: 1963); LP38338.

  THE CATTLEMEN. See

    SETTLING THE WEST.

  CAUTION: EASTER BUNNY CROSSING. See

    BONANZA.

  CELEBRATING ARBOR DAY (Filmstrip) 84. Educational Projections Corp. 31
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 30Jun68;
    JP12405.

  CELEBRATING COLUMBUS DAY (Filmstrip) 78. Educational Projections Corp.
    33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 31Dec67;
    JP12401.

  CELEBRATING EASTER. See

    EASTER.

  CELEBRATING FLAG DAY. See

    FLAG DAY.

  CELEBRATING INDEPENDENCE DAY. See

    INDEPENDENCE DAY.

  CELEBRATING ST. VALENTINE'S DAY. See

    ST. VALENTINE'S DAY.

  CELEBRATING WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY. See

    WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.

  CEREBROSPINAL FLUID. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21005.

  CERTAIN UNALIENABLE RIGHTS. McGraw-Hill Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (City-state-federal government series) Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Ju170; MP20658.

  THE CERTIFIED DENTAL ASSISTANT. Friedel Volz. 22 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Friedel Volz; 14Sep70; MU8225.

  CERTIFIED LABORATORY ASSISTANT. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  CESAR AND CARLOS OF PERU. See

    SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.

  CHAMPION WHOPPER TELLER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38379.

  CHAMPLAIN IN THE WILDERNESS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 37 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (World explorers) Author, Robert Clark; illustrator,
    Henry Harson. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166422.

  CHANGE OF MIND. Sagittarius Productions. Released by Cinerama
    Releasing Corp. 103 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Sagittarius
    Productions, Inc.; 1Oct69; LP38181.

  CHANGING CURRENTS OF CIVIL RIGHTS, 1942-1960 (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American
    history) Author, Kenneth Brown; illustrator, Vincent Piazza. © Troll
    Associates; 18Feb70; A166401.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Chas. Pfizer & Co. Approx.
    30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc.

    California test. © 5Aug69; MP20810.

    Chop. © 17Oct69; MP20813.

  [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Chas. Pfizer & Co. Approx.
    30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Chas. Pfizer & Co., Inc. a.k.a.
    Pfizer, Inc.

    Body cold. © 10Dec69; MP20836.

    Xmas. © 1Dec69; MP20837.

    Fran Tarkenton. © 26Oct69; MP20814.

    Hands. © 19Feb70; MP20885.

    Kick. © 17Oct69; MP20812.

    Mother and baby. © 14Jan70 (in notice: 1969); MP20920.

    Peek-a-boo. © 10Nov69; MP20811.

    Tell too much. © 10Nov69; MP20884.

  CHARLEY TRUCKLEBUS. See

    THE SAGA OF CHARLEY TRUCKLEBUS.

  CHECKING ON YOUR EXPENSES. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  CHEER LEADER. See

    HOT DOG. No. 5.

  CHEMISTRY OF HOPE. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  CHEVY VAN CHALLENGES TRADESMAN (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 70 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    18Aug70; JP12447.

  CHICAGO. United Air Lines. Made by Sarra. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © United Air Lines, Inc.; 11Jun70; MP20871.

  CHICKEN BULL. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38336.

  CHIHUAHUAN DESERT. See

    NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.

  CHILDREN OF HOLLAND. See

    JAN: BOY OF THE NETHERLANDS.

  CHINA IN PERSPECTIVE: ROOTS OF CIVILIZATION. Pt. 1-2 (Filmstrip)
    Associated Press. Made by Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y.
    2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 105 fr.; pt. 2, 128 fr.), (part col.), 35 mm.
    Writer & photography editor: Jane M. Dozier. © Associated Press;
    30Sep70; JP12633.

  CHINOOK, FISHERMEN OF THE NORTHWEST (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43
    fr., color, 35 mm. (American Indians and how they really lived)
    Author, Dana Todd; illustrator, Mildred Kaye. © Troll Associates;
    8Jan70; A166455.

  CHIP AND DEBBIE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  CHIP ON WHEELS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  CHOCOLATE. See

    HOT DOG. No. 3

  CHOP. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE CHRISTINE JORGENSEN STORY. Edprod Pictures. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on The Life of
    Christine Jorgensen. © Edprod Pictures, Inc.; 17Jun70; LP38112.

  XMAS. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  CHRISTMAS IS KID'S STUFF. Behrens Co. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Behrens Co., Inc.; 9Sep69; LP38462.

  CHRISTMAS PRESENT. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  CHRISTMAS STORY, 1777. See

    THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

  CHROMATOGRAPHY. See

    INTRODUCTION & GAS CHROMATOGRAPHY.

    LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY.

  THE CHURCH MEMBER AND MILITARY SERVICE. Motion Picture Dept., Brigham
    Young University. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young
    University; 18May70; MP20873.

  A CHURCH TRAINING YOUTH (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 2 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. NM: additions & revisions. ©
    Broadman Films; 1Jul70; A173141.

  CINE CORONARY ARTERIOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE OF THE EFFICACY OF NITRONG AS A
    CORONARY VASODILATOR IN MAN. U.S. Ethicals. 9 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © U.S. Ethicals, Inc.; 2Sep70; LP38325.

  A CIRCLE IN THE SKY. See

    STORIES ABOUT SHAPES.

  CIRCLE OF FEELINGS. See

    [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS]

  CIRCULATION (Filmstrip) No. 207. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44
    fr., color, 35 mm. (A Science release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p.
    Appl. ti.: The circulatory system. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
    Inc.; 6Apr70; A196132.

  THE CITIES (Filmstrip) New York Times Book & Educational Division. 5
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit. Contents: Part 1-5: Living. 73
    fr.--Working. 69 fr.--Schools. 73 fr.--Leisure. 66 fr.--The citizen.
    71 fr. © New York Times Co.; 13Oct70; A189596.

  CITIZEN. See

    THE CITIES.

  CITY AND HOW IT GREW. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  THE CITY IN U.S. HISTORY (Filmstrip) No. 9011. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69;
    A196096.

  CITY OF THE ELEPHANTS. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  CITY PROTECTION AND WELFARE SERVICES. McGraw-Hill Films. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (City-state-federal government series) Produced by
    McGraw-Hill Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates.
    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Jul70;
    MP20654.

  CITY-STATE-FEDERAL GOVERNMENT SERIES. See

    CERTAIN UNALIENABLE RIGHTS.

    CITY PROTECTION AND WELFARE SERVICES.

    GOVERNING THE CITY.

    GOVERNING THE STATE.

    THE POLITICAL PROCESS.

    THE ROLE OF THE PRESIDENT.

    STATE SERVICES.

  CITY TRANSPORTATION. See

    [DAILY LIVING]

  LA CIUDAD Y EL CAMPO SE NECESITAN UNO A OTRO (Filmstrip) S-172.
    Educational Projections Corp. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del
    ingles por Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Feb69;
    JP12393.

  THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by
    Blackside. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black
    Americans) With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70;
    A178320.

  CIVIL WAR ARTILLERY. See

    ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR.

  CIVIL WAR AS IT HAPPENED. See

    ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR.

    THE FOOT SOLDIER.

    HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR.

    SUPPORTING SERVICES.

    THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR.

    THE WAR ON THE WATER.

  CIVIL WAR ON THE WATER. See

    THE WAR ON THE WATER.

  LE CLAN DES SICILIENS (The Sicilian clan) Productions Fox-Europa &
    Films du Siecle [France] 121 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. ©
    Productions Fox-Europa S.A.R.L. & Films du Siecle; 5Dec69 (in
    notice: 1968); LF70.

  CLASSICAL BOOKS AND LIBRARIES. See

    OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

  CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY IN SICILY (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 64
    fr., color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip manual, 11 p. Written &
    photographed by Kenneth & Marjorie Russell. © Educational
    Filmstrips; 1Apr70; JP12430.

  CLASSICISM. See

    ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

  CLASSIFYING ANIMALS. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  CLAWS AND FEET. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20726.

  CLEANLINESS: TO BE CLEAN MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. (Learning
    to learn series) With guide. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69 (in
    notice: 1968); JP12491.

  CLEFT GRAFT. N.M. 1. Pace Productions. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20643.

  CLINICAL APPLICATIONS OF LASERS. Upjohn Co. 19 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (The Upjohn vanguard of medicine) © Upjohn Co.; 2Nov70; LP38480.

  CLOSING SHOULDERS. See

    OVEREDGING.

  CODE NAME, DISASTER. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  COLERIDGE: KUBLA KHAN. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  COLLAR FOR PATRICK: BUYING GOODS AND SERVICES. See

    PRIMARY ECONOMICS.

  COLLECTOR CHARACTERISTICS. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20877.

  COLON MEDICATIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  COLONIAL AMERICA: THE BEGINNINGS. McGraw-Hill Films & Project 7 Films.
    24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 20Oct70; MP20947.

  THE COLONIAL ECONOMY. McGraw-Hill Films & Project 7 Films, 25 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc.; 20Oct70; MP20948.

  THE COLONIAL WAY OF LIFE. McGraw-Hill Films & Project 7 Films. 25
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 20Oct70; MP20949.

  COLORIMETRIC ANALYSIS WITH THE SPECTRONIC 20. Pt. 1: Theory. John
    Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl.
    author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69;
    MP20563.

  COMESTIBLES DEL CAMPO (Filmstrip) S-186. Educational Projections Corp.
    30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 1Feb69 (in notice: 1968); JP12399.

  COMMERCIAL COOKING. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  COMMON BASE AMPLIFIER. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20880.

  COMMON COLLECTOR AMPLIFIER. T. M. Adams. 4 mi., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20881.

  COMMON EMITTER AMPLIFIER. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20879.

  COMMUNICATING WITH OTHERS. See

    I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.

  COMMUNITY MANNERS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Manners are lots of fun) Author, Seth Alexander; illustrator, John
    Schnakenberg. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166478.

  COMMUNITY SERIES. See

    SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: ELECTRICITY.

  COMO LA GENTE SE GANA LA VIDA (Filmstrip) S-169. Educational
    Projections Corp. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por
    Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections Corp.; 11Feb69; JP12391.

  COMO MANEJAR EL DINERO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  COMO VIAJAMOS (Filmstrip) S-173. Educational Projections Corp. 30 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 23Dec68 (in notice: 1969); JP12394.

  COMPARISONS. See

    TIME STUDY SERIES.

  COMPARTIENDO RESPONSABILIDADES (Filmstrip) S-123. Educational
    Projections Corp. 28 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 30Jul68; JP12380.

  COMPASSION FOR PEOPLE. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  THE COMPETITOR. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  COMPLETION OF THE SQUARE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 26 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; A163011.

  THE COMPUTER AND YOU (Filmstrip) Educational Activities & Kimbo
    Educational Records. 47 fr., color, 35 mm. Written & created by J.
    J. DiCerto. © K. B. H. Productions, Inc.; 1Sep70; JP12741.

  CON ARTISTS. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  THE CONCH SHELL. King Screen Productions. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 4Dec70; MP20997.

  CONCRETE HABITAT. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  EL CONEJO QUE QUERIA SER DIFERENTE (Filmstrip) S-147. Educational
    Projections Corp. 31 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por
    Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections Corp.; 23Oct68; JP12384.

  CONGO REGION. See

    THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

  CONIFER AND HARDWOOD CUTTINGS. N.M. 5. Pace Productions. 4 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70;
    MP20647.

  CONQUISTA. See

    HACIA LA NACION.

  CONSERVATION, SAVING OUR ENVIRONMENT. See

    IRRIGATION.

    POLLUTION.

    SAVING OUR LAND.

    SAVING OUR WILDLIFE.

  CONSPIRACY EIGHT INTERVIEW. Praxis. 62 min., b&w. © Praxis; 20Aug70;
    MU8218.

  CONTEMPORARY AGE. See

    ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

  CONTINUOUS FLOW ANALYSIS. American Society of Clinical Pathologists.
    Made by Jonathan Donald Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    American Society of Clinical Pathologists; 4Sep70; MU8232.

  CONTORTIONIST. See

    [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  CORN PONE LIMITED. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38364.

  CORREGGIO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm. Arrangement & text by Carol A. Peterson. © Herbert E. Budek
    Films & Slides; 1Feb67; JP12688.

  CORRIDOR TO EARTH. Teaching Films. 26 min., sd., color. © Teaching
    Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.; 21Sep70; MU8242.

  CORROSION OF ALUMINUM, CORROSION III. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20555.

  CORTES IN THE LAND OF THE AZTECS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (World explorers) Author, Brian James; illustrator,
    John Cayea. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166424.

  COSMETOLOGY. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  COURTESY ON THE COURSE. National Golf Foundation. Made by Calvin
    Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Golf Foundation,
    Inc.; 1Dec70; MP20980.

  THE COW-TAIL SWITCH: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA. Learning Co. of America. 8
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the book by Harold Courlander
    & George Herzog. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38320.

  CRAFTS. See

    PIONEER COMMUNITY.

  CRAYON OVER, CRAYON UNDER. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

  CREATION OF MAN. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  THE CREATIVE KINDERGARTEN. Soundings. 40 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. authors: Clair & Barbara Calhoon. © Soundings; 12Sep70;
    MP20918.

  CRIME WAVE IN BUFFALO SPRINGS. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  CRISIS. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  CRISIS IN THE FAMILY (Filmstrip) No. 423. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196145.

  THE CRITICAL POINT. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons,
    Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20559.

  CROMWELL. Irving Allen, Ltd., London. Released in the U.S. by Columbia
    Pictures. 139 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Irving Allen,
    Ltd.; 16Jul70; LF64.

  CROSSTOWN ADVENTURE. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made
    by Moreland-Latchford Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 m. ©
    Moreland-Latchford Productions, Inc. (in notice: Moreland-Latchford
    Productions, Ltd.); 3Aug70; MP20831.

  THE CROW, PEOPLE OF THE GREAT PLAINS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43
    fr., color, 35 mm. (American Indians and how they really lived)
    Author, Dana Todd; illustrator, Kenneth Barr, © Troll Associates;
    8Jan70; A166456.

  CROWD PLEASER. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  CRY HELP. See

    NBC WHITE PAPER.

  CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF METALS. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John
    Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20564.

  CUFF AND CANNULA (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 130 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12616.

  CULTURE. See

    PUERTO RICO: HISTORY AND CULTURE.

  CURIOUS, FURIOUS LION, R SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  CURRENT TRANSFER RATIO--HYBRID. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Appl. ti.: Forward current transfer ratio--hybrid.
    © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20928.

  CURVED SAWING AND DRILLING. See

    WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

  CUSTER OF THE WEST. Security Pictures. [London] 120 min., sd., color,
    70 mm. Super technirama 70. © American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.;
    9Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP38108.

  CYCLE SAVAGES. Maurice Smith Productions. Released by American
    International Pictures. 82 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Trans-American
    film. © Maurice Smith d.b.a. Maurice Smith Productions; 12Apr69;
    LP38104.

  CYTOPLASMIC INHERITANCE (Filmstrip) No. 1570. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70;
    A196092.


                                   D

  DAD, CAN I BORROW THE CAR? Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena
    Vista Distribution Co. 22 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Walt Disney
    Productions; 8Jun70; LP38122.

  DADDY FROG LEGS. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38337.

  [DAILY LIVING] Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 2000-A--2000-B. Moving to a new
    place. 64 fr.; 50 fr.--2001-A--2001-B. A new place to live. 60 fr.;
    47 fr.--2002-A--2002-B. Your city helpers. 59 fr.; 46
    fr.--2003-A--2003-B. City transportation. 60 fr.; 46 fr. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 15Dec68; JP12359.

  [DAILY PROBLEMS. Pt. 5] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 2025-A--2025-B. Keeping in touch
    with the family. 58 fr.; 47 fr.--2026-A--2026-B. When you get sick.
    60 fr.; 47 fr.--2027-A--2027-B. Staying healthy. 58 fr.; 46
    fr.--2028-A-2028-B. If you get into trouble. 59 fr.; 46 fr. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 31Dec69; JP12349.

  DANCE TO NO MUSIC. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  DANGER ROAD. See

    BONANZA.

  DANIEL'S BIRTHDAY: CHOOSING GOODS AND SERVICES. See

    PRIMARY ECONOMICS.

  DAREDEVIL GESTURE. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  DARK CORRIDOR. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  DARK IS THE RAINBOW, LOUD IS THE SILENCE. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  A DARKER SHADOW. See

    BONANZA.

  DARLING LILI. Geoffrey Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures
    Corp. 136 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Paramount Pictures
    Corp. & Geoffrey Productions, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP38095.

  DATING. Pt. 1. Dart Industries. 11 min., sd., color Super 8 mm. (Stop
    and go learning, session 3) © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20616.

  DATING. Pt. 2. Dart Industries. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Stop
    and go learning, session 3) © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20617.

  DATING. Pt. 3. Dart Industries. 5 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Stop
    and go learning, session 3) © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20618.

  DAY. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  THE DAY BEFORE SUNDAY. See

    CBS PLAYHOUSE.

  DEAD WRONG. See

    BONANZA.

  DEATH WAIT. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  DECIMALS (Filmstrip) No. 765. Educational Projections Corp. 41 fr.,
    color, 33 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 25Feb70; JP12676.

  DECIMALS--MULTIPLICATION & DIVISION (Filmstrip) No. 766. Educational
    Projections Corp. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By
    Donovan R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 25Feb70; JP12677.

  DECISION AT LOS ROBLES. See

    BONANZA.

  DEFICIENCIES IN THE DECORTICATE PIGEON. Iowa State University. 4 min.,
    si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21008.

  DELIVERY. Pt. 1. Dart Industries. 9 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Stop and go learning, session 4) © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20620.

  DEMOCRACY: THE ROLE OF DISSENT. Coronet Instructional Films. Made by
    New Document Productions. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 13Feb70; MP20565.

  DEMOCRACY: YOUR VOICE CAN BE HEARD. Coronet Instructional Films. 20
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. of Are you a good citizen? © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 3Feb70; MP20569.

  DENVER AND RIO GRANDE NARROW GUAGE OVER CUMBRES. Sunday River
    Productions. 23 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (Winter on Cumbres)
    Appl. author: Alva Morrison. Appl. ti.: Narrow guage on Cumbres. ©
    Sunday River Productions, Alva Morrison, sole proprietor; 21Jul70;
    MP20766.

  DEPUTY DAWG. See

    ALL TUCKERED OUT.

    BAD LUCK DAY.

    CATFISH CRISIS.

    TH' CATFISH POACHIN' PELICAN.

    CHAMPION WHOPPER TELLER.

    CHICKEN BULL.

    CORN PONE LIMITED.

    DADDY FROG LEGS.

    DIAMONDS IN THE ROUGH.

    DOUBLE-BARRELED BOOM BOOM.

    DRY SPELL.

    ELUSIVE LOUIE.

    FEUD FOR THOUGHT.

    GO GO GO-RILLA.

    THE GOVERNOR'S GUIDE.

    GRANDPA LAW.

    THE GREAT GRAIN ROBBERY.

    HEX MARKS THE SPOT.

    THE HUNGRY ASTRONUT.

    IMPERFECT CRIME.

    JUST GHOST T' SHOW YOU.

    LAWMAN TO THE RESCUE.

    LOW MAN LAWMAN.

    MAMA MAGNOLIA'S PECAN PIES.

    THE MILKWEED FROM SPACE.

    MILLIONAIRE DEPUTY.

    MOUNTAIN MELVIN MEETS HAIRY HARRY.

    MULE-ITARY MANEUVERS.

    MUSEUM OF TH' SOUTH.

    THE NEVERGLADES.

    OBNOXIOUS OBIE.

    ON THE LAM WITH THE HAM.

    OPEN WIDE.

    ORBIT A LITTLE BIT.

    PEACH PLUCKIN' KANGAROO.

    THE PIG RUSTLER.

    PINCH HITTIN' FOR A PIGEON.

    THE PINK FLAMINGO.

    THE POSTER CAPER.

    PROTESTIN' PILOT.

    ROYAL SOUTHERN DISMOUNTED POLICE.

    SAFE AN' INSANE 4TH.

    SAVE OL' PINEY.

    SCARE CURE.

    SCIENCE FRICTION.

    SHOW BIZ WHIZ.

    SOMETHING TO CROW ABOUT.

    SPACE INVITATION.

    SPARE THAT TREE.

    STUCK DUCK.

    TERRIFIC TRAFFIC.

    YOU'RE FIRED AN' I'M TIRED.

  DESERT PLANTS AND ANIMALS (Filmstrip) No. 200. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A science release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    A196139.

  DETERMINANTS BY MINORS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; A163014.

  DETERMINATION OF THE FORMULA OF A COMPOUND. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio
    State University. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental
    general chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert
    Barnard & Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept. of
    Chemistry (in notice: Ohio State University); 18Sep70; MP20962.

  DEUX ANS EN VACANCE. See

    STRANGE HOLIDAY.

  DEVELOPING A GOOD VOCABULARY. See

    [VOCABULARY BUILDING]

  DEVELOPING GOOD WORK AND STUDY HABITS. See

    FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS.

    HOW TO STUDY.

    LOOKING UP FACTS AND INFORMATION.

    OPENING NEW DOORS.

    ORAL REPORTS: HOW TO TALK OUT LOUD.

    WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU FAIL.

  THE DEVELOPMENT AND DISSEMINATION OF PRINTING. See

    OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

  UN DIA EN EL PARQUE ZOOLOGICO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  DIAGNOSIS & SERVICE. See

    REAR AXLE.

  DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF CANCER OF THE PROSTATE. American Cancer
    Society, Iowa Division. Made by Sturgis-Grant Productions. 18 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 2Aug68; MP20791.

  DIAGNOSIS: FEAR. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  A DIALOGUE ON DATING. Dart Industries. 16 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20621.

  DIAMONDS IN THE ROUGH. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38354.

  DIARY OF A MAD HOUSEWIFE. Frank Perry Films. Released by Universal
    Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Sue Kaufman.
    © Frank Perry Films, Inc.; 10Aug70; LP38194.

  DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Beloved fairy tales) Illustrator, Veronica
    Buffington. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166413.

  THE DIE-NAMIC PROCESS: A DESIGN FOR PROFIT. Minster Machine Co. Made
    by Lindy Productions. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Minster Machine
    Co.; 7Jul70; MP20804.

  DINOSAURS, THE AGE OF THE TERRIBLE LIZARD. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Edited version of the
    film Dinozaury. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    28Apr70; MP20603.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With Instructor's handbook, 28 p. & 5 Career
    information folders. Contents: Compassion for people. 39
    fr.--Registered professional nurse. 31 fr.--Mental health aid. 29
    fr.--Licensed practical nurse. 27 fr.--Registered orthotist. 27
    fr.--Inhalation therapy technician. 30 fr. Written & photographed by
    Graphic Educational Systems Co. Appl. authors: Otis L. Bratton &
    Robert A. Tomlinson. © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 2Sep70;
    A180447.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With Instructor's handbook, 32 p., written & created
    by Otis L. Bratton & Robert A. Tomlinson, & 5 Career information
    folders. Contents: Man has wings. 34 fr.--Aircraft engine mechanic.
    34 fr.--Pilot/flight instructor. 29 fr.--Airframe mechanic. 28
    fr.--Air traffic controller. 29 fr.--Airlines passenger service
    agent. 29 fr. Written & photographed by Graphic Educational Systems
    Co. © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 11Dec70; A204375.

  A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW (Filmstrip) Bowmar Records. 6 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With kit. Contents: Age of electronics. 36
    fr.--Electronic technicians. 26 fr.--Electromechanical assemblers.
    29 fr.--Environmental test technicians. 35 fr.--Technical writers.
    28 fr.--Machinists. 28 fr. Written & photographed by Graphic
    Educational Systems Co. Appl. authors: Otis L. Bratton & Robert A.
    Tomlinson. © Bowmar a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 17Nov70; A197564.

  DIRECTIONS FOR BEGINNERS: NORTH, SOUTH, EAST, WEST. Coronet
    Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 2Feb70; MP20568.

  DIRTY DINGUS MAGEE. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. Based on The ballad of Dingus Magee, by David Markson. ©
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 23Oct70; LP38249.

  DISCOVERING FOSSILS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20690.

  DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

  A DISCUSSION OF FRANK STOCKTON'S THE LADY, OR THE TIGER? Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short
    story showcase) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 2Mar70
    (in notice: 1969); MP20608.

  DISNEYLAND SHOWTIME. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  DISORIENTATED MAN. See

    SCREAM AND SCREAM AGAIN.

  DISTINGUISHED CONTRIBUTORS TO COUNSELING SERIES. See

    BEHAVIOR THERAPY OR CLIENT-CENTERED THERAPY: A DEBATE BETWEEN JOHN
      D. KRUMBOLTZ AND C. H. PATTERSON.

    CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP.

    JOHN HOLLAND AND DONALD SUPER: A DIALOGUE ON VOCATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
      THEORY.

    RUDOLPH DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

  ÷ Greenberg Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Gary
    Greenberg. © Greenberg Productions; 13May70; MP20838.

  DIVISION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  DIVISION COMPUTATION 1 (Filmstrip) No. 743. Educational Projections
    Corp. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R.
    Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    3Feb69; JP12666.

  DIVISION COMPUTATION 2 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 43
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg
    & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 20Feb69;
    JP12667.

  DIVORCE AND RE-MARRIAGE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 40 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Marriage and the family) Planned & written by Dr.
    Gerald Grotey. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jan70; JP12588.

  DO YOU FORGET. See

    [HOW DO I LEARN]

  DO YOUR OWN THING. CB Communications. 58 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. authors: Charles J. & Ansley Bailey © CB Communications;
    25Aug70; MP20894

  DOCTOR GLAS. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 83 min., sd., b&w, 35
    mm. Based on the novel by Hjälmar Söderberg. © Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp.; 7Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP38137.

  DR. OSBORNE, M.D. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  DODGE'S HIGH STANDARDS, A QUICK LOOK AT POLARA AND MONACO FOR 1971.
    (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 62
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Sep70; JP12536.

  DOG OF FLANDERS. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  DOING AN ASSIGNMENT (Filmstrip) 360. Educational Projections Corp. 37
    fr., color, 35 mm. Graphic supervisor, Edward Bodler, Jr. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 30Jun67; JP12410.

  DOING HOMEWORK (Filmstrip) 353 Educational Projections Corp. 32 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Jun67; JP12369.

  DON'T IGNORE THE MIRACLES. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  THE DOPPLER EFFECT (Filmstrip) No. 686. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Physics release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p.
    © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Apr70; A196129.

  DOUBLE-BARRELED BOOM BOOM. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64
    (in notice: 1963); LP38366.

  DOUBLE-CONTACT VOLTAGE REGULATOR (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College.
    37 fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology) Planned & written by
    John Schuster. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jun70; JP12589.

  THE DOUBLE JEOPARDY RAID. See

    RAT PATROL.

  DOWN DECIBEL DOWN. King Screen Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © King Broadcasting Co.; 29Sep70; MP20896.

  DOWN THE DRAIN HAIR. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  A DOWNEAST SMILE-IN. Maine ETV Network. 30 min. each, sd., color. ©
    Maine ETV Network.

    Part

    1. Aunt Mehitable's funeral and other coastal Maine stories. ©
      3Sep70; MU8220.

    2. Ed Grant's stove and other stories of the Maine woods. © 3Sep70;
      MU8221.

    3. Mr. Perkin's privy and other Maine farming stories. © 3Sep70;
      MU8222.

  DRAW A STRAIGHT MAN. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  DRAW ME AN ELEPHANT. International Communications Films. 7 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Doubleday Multimedia, division of
    Doubleday. © International Communications Films, division of
    Doubleday & Co., Inc.; 10Jan70 (in notice: 1968); MP20544.

  DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION. See

    RUDOLPH DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

  DRINKING: HOW WILL CHARLIE HANDLE IT? McGraw-Hill Films. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with Vision Associates.
    Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 16Nov70;
    MP20915.

  DROP OUT OR DROP IN? (Filmstrip) No. 426. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 4May70;
    A196148.

  THE DROWNING BAY. King Screen Productions. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © King Broadcasting Co.; 2Oct70; MP20944.

  THE DRUMBEATER. American Cancer Society. Made by Dynamic Films. 30
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 18Dec68;
    LP38177.

  DRY SPELL. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38380.

  DUCCIO DI BUONINSEGNA (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec65; JP12699.

  THE DUNWICH HORROR. American International Productions. 87 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Based on the story by H. P. Lovecraft. © American
    International Productions: 14Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38182.


                                   E

  E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR.--STUDENT UNREST: THE CLIMATE OF PROTEST. Pt. 1.
    Distinguished Contributors Films. 35 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Distinguished contributors to counseling series) © Distinguished
    Contributors Films, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20607.

  EAGLES OF AMERICA. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20737.

  EAR MEDICATIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES. See

    ABOUT MYSELF.

    I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.

    THE WORLD AROUND ME.

  EARLY TEXAS HOMES (Filmstrip) D. Richard Bowles. 39 fr., color, 35 mm.
    © D. Richard Bowles; 23Jul70; JP12428.

  EARTH: MAN'S HOME. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    24Feb70; MP20771.

  EARTH SHINE. See

    AN AFRICAN ESSAY.

  EASTER (Filmstrip) 83. Educational Projections Corp. 31 fr., color, 35
    mm. Appl. ti.: Celebrating Easter. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    30Jun68; JP12404.

  EASY DOES IT. Merck & Co. Made by Gordon/Glyn Productions. 17 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Merck & Co., Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20775.

  ECHO OF A BABY'S LAUGH. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  ECOLOGY AND ENVIRONMENT. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  ECOLOGY OF NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS (Filmstrip) No. 1567. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release)
    With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.;
    1Dec69; A196089.

  ECONOMIC STABILITY: THE QUEST AND THE QUESTIONS. American Bankers
    Assn. Made by Centron Corp. 23 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American
    Bankers Assn.; 1Oct70; MP20938.

  ECONOMICS & CHRISTIAN ETHICS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 58
    fr., color, 35 mm. (History 17-B, 3-D) © Mt. San Jacinto College
    a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San
    Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12528.

  ED GRANT'S STOVE AND OTHER STORIES OF THE MAINE WOODS. See

    A DOWNEAST SMILE-IN. Part 2.

  EDGAR DEGAS (Filmstrip) Films & Slides. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. © Films
    & Slides; 1Mar61; JP12685.

  EFFECTS OF ALTITUDE. Iowa State University. 7 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21016.

  EFFICIENCY IN EXERCISE WITH THE EXER-GENIE EXERCISER. Exer-Genie. 23
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Exer-Genie, Inc.; 22Jun70; MP20786.

  EGG INTO ANIMAL: ROUNDEL SKATE. Reela Films, a division of Wometco
    Enterprises. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation
    with Wometco Miami Seaquarium, Dade County Public Schools & Editors
    of International Oceanographic Foundation Publications. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 8Apr68, MU7910. © Reela Films; 15Sep69; MP20625.

  80 STEPS TO JONAH. Motion Pictures International & El Tigre
    Productions. Distributed by Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 105 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Motion Pictures International, Inc. & El Tigre
    Productions, Inc.; 1Nov69; LP38058.

  ELEANOR ROOSEVELT: HUMANITARIAN (Filmstrip) No. 862. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Apr70;
    A196111.

  ELECTRICITY. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  ELECTROMECHANICAL ASSEMBLERS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  ELECTRONIC TECHNICIAN. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  ELECTRONIC TECHNICIANS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  THE ELEMENTARY NUMBER THEORY. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  ELEMENTARY PARTICLES AND QUARKS (Filmstrip) No. 685. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Physics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70;
    A196128.

  ELEPHANT ON THE LAM. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE; a selective history of authors
    and literary periods (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip manual, 40 p. Contents: Pt.
    1-6: The Middle Ages. 64 fr.--The Renaissance. 59 fr.--Classicism.
    49 fr.--The Enlightenment. 28 fr.--From romanticism to symbolism. 64
    fr.--The contemporary age. 61 fr. Written by Suzanne B. Russell;
    photographed by George H. and Suzanne B. Russell. © Educational
    Filmstrips; 1May70; JP12334.

  ELOPEMENT. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  ELUSIVE LOUIE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64; LP38334.

  THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Beloved fairy tales) By the Brothers Grimm;
    illustrator, Kay Chorao. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166416.

  EMBASSY ROW AND NORTHWEST WASHINGTON. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  EMERGING INDONESIA (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 74 fr., b&w, 35 mm.
    (Filmstrip on current affairs, May 1970) With Discussion manual, 1
    v. © New York Times Co.; 4May70; A161840.

  EMERGING PATTERNS OF FAMILY LIVING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 34 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by G. H.
    Grotey, lesson 8) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jan68; JP12525.

  THE EMPEROR AND THE NIGHTINGALE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Beloved fairy tales) By Hans Christian Andersen;
    illustrator, Judith Fringuello. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70;
    A166414.

  EN DONDE TRABAJA MAMA? (Filmstrip) S-168. Educational Projections
    Corp. 31 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 9Dec68; JP12390.

  EN DONDE TRABAJAN LOS PAPAS? (Filmstrip) S-167. Educational
    Projections Corp. 31 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por
    Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections Corp.; 11Feb69; JP12389.

  AN ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE, BY HENRIK IBSEN (Filmstrip) No. 5027. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature release)
    With Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.;
    4May70; A196149.

  ENERGY AND ENTROPY: DRIVING FORCE OF A CHEMICAL REACTION (Filmstrip)
    No. 679. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A
    Chemistry release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69; A196122.

  ENERGY APPLIED. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  ENERGY IN ORBIT. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd., color. (Space
    technology series) © Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.;
    21Sep70; MU8235.

  ENGLEMANN'S INQUIRY INTO PHOTOSYNTHESIS. Regents of University of
    Colorado. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry
    films) Loop film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum
    Study. © Regents of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice:
    1968); MP20761.

  ENGLISH 51. See

    RUN-TOGETHER SENTENCES.

  THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE: PATTERNS OF USAGE. Coronet Instructional Films.
    11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20577.

  ENID. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  ENLIGHTENMENT. See

    ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

  ENRICO FERMI. McGraw-Hill Text-Films. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in collaboration with Project 7 Productions. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Sep70; MP20917.

  ENVIRONMENT OF MAN. Set 1: Ecology and environment (Filmstrip) Avi
    Associates. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Is there life on
    earth? 67 fr.--The ocean of air. 66 fr.--Water -- clear and
    otherwise. 68 fr.--Of food and land. 67 fr.--Energy applied. 68 fr.
    © Avi Associates, Inc.; 5Oct70; JU12687.

  ENVIRONMENT OF MAN. Set 2: Man and nature (Filmstrip) Avi Associates.
    5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Population -- the numbers
    game. 63 fr.--Concrete habitat. 68 fr.--The busy-body. 60
    fr.--Unthinking man. 66 fr.--Man: the builder. 63 fr. © Avi
    Associates, Inc.; 5Oct70; JU12688.

  THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY (Filmstrip)
    Educational Coordinates & Graphicom. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    With Teaching guide, 7 p., & Script, 1 v. Contents: What is ecology?
    42 fr.--What is an ecosystem? 54 fr.--How does nature change
    ecosystems? 45 fr.--How does man change ecosystems? 64 fr. ©
    Educational Coordinates & Graphicom, a sole proprietorship of Paul
    M. Honore; 15Jun70; A178266.

  ENVIRONMENTAL TEST TECHNICIANS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA (The Mexican epic from conquest to nation)
    (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    (Mexico en su historia) With Filmstrip manual, 18 p. Contents: Los
    remotos comienzos. 57 fr.--Era clasica mexicana. 58 fr.--Era clasica
    Maya. 56 fr.--Los Toltecas. 59 fr.--Los Aztecas. 57 fr. By Sidney &
    Mary Lee Nolan; translated & edited by Carlos H. Monsanto. ©
    Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep70; JP12648.

  EQUATIONS OF STRAIGHT LINE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 36
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Math) Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt.
    San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District
    (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12521.

  EQUATORIAL REGION. See

    THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

  ERA CLASICA MAYA. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.

  ERA CLASICA MEXICANA. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.

  ERNIE IS SMITTEN. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ERNIE, THE TRANSMITTER. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ERNIE'S PEN PAL. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  ESCAPE TO NOWHERE. San Mateo Union High School District. Made by
    Professional Arts. 25 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: David
    W. Parker. © San Mateo Union High School District; 7Oct68; LP38461.

  ESTIMATION OF MOLECULAR SIZE AND AVOGADRO'S NUMBER. Dept. of
    Chemistry, Ohio State University. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Experimental general chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W.
    Robert Barnard & Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept.
    of Chemistry (in notice: Ohio State University); 18Sep70; MP20959.

  ETHIOPIA: THE HIDDEN EMPIRE. National Geographic Society & Metromedia
    Producers Corp. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic
    Society; 25Nov70; MP20979.

  THE EVERGLADES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20696.

  EVERYDAY LIFE ALONG THE NORTH COAST OF MEXICO (Filmstrip) Clover Park
    School District 400. 80 fr., color, 35 mm. Pub. & distributed by
    University of Washington Press. Photos by Louis Kirk. © Clover Park
    School District 400; 2Feb70; JP12439.

  EVERYDAY WORLD. See

    THE WORLD AROUND ME.

  EVERYONE LEARNS TO READ. Journal Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Rustry Rudo [sic] © Journal Films, Inc.; 7May70;
    MP20860.

  EVERYONE NEEDS MANY THINGS. See

    ABOUT MYSELF.

  THE EVOLUTION OF HANDS. Journal Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.;
    1Apr68; MP20901.

  EXAMPLES OF POSTURAL REFLEXES AND REACTIONS. Iowa State University. 4
    min., si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    15Oct69; MP21014.

  EXILE. See

    I WALK THE LINE.

  THE EXPANDING UNIVERSE OF SCULPTURE. Hartley Productions. 15 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Elda Hartley. © Hartley
    Productions, Inc.; 7Jul70; MP20981.

  EXPANDING WORLD. See

    THE WORLD AROUND ME.

  EXPENDABLE KATIE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  EXPERIMENTAL GENERAL CHEMISTRY. See

    ACIDS AND BASES IN TITRATION.

    CALIBRATION OF A THERMOMETER: MELTING POINT.

    DETERMINATION OF THE FORMULA OF A COMPOUND.

    ESTIMATION OF MOLECULAR SIZE AND AVOGADRO'S NUMBER.

    GRAVIMETRIC DETERMINATION OF SULFATE.

    MEASUREMENT OF VAPOR PRESSURE.

    MEASUREMENT -- USE OF THE BALANCE.

    SOLUTION OF SALTS: THE VARIATION OF SOLUBILITY WITH TEMPERATURE.

    SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC STUDY OF COMPLEX IONS.

    SPECTROSCOPY.

  EXPERIMENTS ON THE CONTROL OF BLOOD PRESSURE. Iowa State University. 4
    min., si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State
    University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology;
    15Oct69; MP21010.

  EXPLORING MATERIALS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/ EXPLORING MATERIALS.

  EXPO '70: WORLD'S FAIR IN JAPAN. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 20Apr70;
    MP20547.

  EXPONENTS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 40 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Planned & written by Sidney Alkire. © Mt. San Jacinto College
    a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San
    Jacinto College); 1Jan69; A163012.

  EYE CONTACT (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 28 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Speech 1-A) Planned & written by Clifford Sumrall. © Mt. San
    Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in
    notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12522.

  EYE MEDICATIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.


                                   F

  A FABLE. Columbia Pictures Corp. Made by Fred A. Niles Communications
    Center. 17 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Presented by Mobil Oil Corp. ©
    Columbia Pictures Corp.; 1Oct69 (in notice: 1968); MP20795.

  FACE OF THE DESERT. See

    NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.

  FALCONS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20739.

  FAMILIES AROUND THE WORLD. See

    SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS.

  FAMILY LIFE. See

    PIONEER COMMUNITY.

  A FAMILY OF LIBERIA. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. Made
    by Visual Education Centre. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (The African
    scene) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 11Sep70;
    MP20892.

  FAMILY OF THE ISLAND: HER NAME IS WASAMATHA. McGraw-Hill Films & Pan
    American World Airways. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Aug70; MP20914.

  FAMILY OF THE RIVER: THE RIVER, MY HOME. McGraw-Hill Films & Pan
    American World Airways. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 31Aug70; MP20913.

  FARM BABIES, WAKE UP (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 49 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Friendly animal families) Author, Helen Allen; illustrator,
    John Schnakenberg. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166428.

  FARM LIFE. See

    PIONEER COMMUNITY.

  THE FARMERS. See

    SETTLING THE WEST.

  FARMING AND RANCHING. See

    SEEING BRAZIL.

  FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 19 p. Contents: The
    wizard of Oz, by L. Frank Baum. 49 fr.--A dog of Flanders, by Ouida,
    pseud. of Louisa de la Ramee. 40 fr.--Robinson Crusoe, by Daniel
    Defoe. 47 fr.--A little princess, by Frances Hodgson Burnett. 43
    fr.--Gulliver's travels, by Jonathan Swift. 41 fr.--The happy
    prince, by Oscar Wilde. 38 fr.--Peter Pan, by J. M. Barrie. 44
    fr.--Heidi, by Johanna Spyri. 42 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films,
    a division of Esquire, Inc.; 15Jan70; JP12452.

  FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT ANIMALS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Favorite poems to read, see and hear) Illustrator,
    Frank Graham. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166496.

  FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT CHILDREN'S ADVENTURES (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Favorite poems to read, see and
    hear) Illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70;
    A166492.

  FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT HOLIDAYS AND SEASONS (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 46 fr., color, 35 mm. (Favorite poems to read, see and
    hear) Illustrator, Gerald Smith. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70;
    A166494.

  FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT THE WORLD OF NATURE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates.
    39 fr., color, 35 mm. (Favorite poems to read, see and hear)
    Illustrator, Gerald Smith. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166495.

  FAVORITE POEMS OF AMERICAN PATRIOTISM (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 40
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Favorite poems to read, see and hear)
    Illustrator, John Cayea. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166491.

  FAVORITE POEMS OF FUN AND LAUGHTER (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Favorite poems to read, see and hear)
    Illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166493.

  THE FEAR HABIT (Filmstrip) American Training Academy. 48 fr., color,
    35 mm. Original material, research & direction by James L. Miller.
    Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr67, JP10228. NM: additions & revisions.
    © James L. Miller; 11Feb70; JU12641.

  THE FEATHER FARM. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  FEEDING BEHAVIOR OF HYDRA. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film.
    Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20748.

  FEEDING MECHANISMS OF OYSTER DRILLS. Regents of University of
    Colorado. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry
    films) Loop film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum
    Study. © Regents of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice:
    1968); MP20751.

  FELIZ NAVIDAD (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 55 fr., color, 35
    mm. With Filmstrip manual, 4 p. By Sidney & Mary Lee Nolan;
    translated by Carlos Monsanto. © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep70;
    JP12647.

  FEMALE PUSHBUTTON PRESENTER, CARMEN BRADSHAW. See

    [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  FEMALE PUSHBUTTON PRESENTER, CHRISTY O'CONNOR. See

    [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  FEUD FOR THOUGHT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38346.

  FIGURING THINGS OUT. See

    [HOW DO I LEARN]

  FILIPPO LIPPI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec65; JP12695.

  FILLING OUT A MEDICAL RECORD (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp.
    2 filmstrips (2008-A, 58 fr.; 2008-B, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 15Mar69; JP12354.

  FILLING OUT AN APPLICATION (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2
    filmstrips (2007-A, 61 fr.; 2007-B, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 25Feb69; JP12355.

  FILMSTRIP ON CURRENT AFFAIRS. See

    EMERGING INDONESIA.

    THE SEVENTIES: DECADE FOR DECISION.

  FILMSTRIPS FOR LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS. See

    LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS.

  FILTRATION I: GRAVITY. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.;
    16Oct70; MP20974.

  FILTRATION II: VACUUM. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.;
    16Oct70; MP20975.

  FIND IT, KEEP IT. Delcon Productions. 21 min., sd. © Delcon
    Productions; 26Oct70; MU8254.

  FIND THE VOWELS. Journal Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Reading
    skills) Appl. author: Mrs. Reinald Werrenrath, Jr. © Reinald
    Werrenrath, Jr.; 15Oct70; MP20935.

  FINDERS KEEPERS. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by Visualscope. 11 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.;
    13Nov70; MU8253.

  FINDERS, SEEKERS. International Paper Co. 17 min., b&w. ©
    International Paper Co.; 23Jul70; MU8202.

  FINDING INFORMATION (Filmstrip) 356. Educational Projections Corp. 37
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1May67; JP12366.

  FINDING OUT ABOUT OTHER JOBS IN YOUR COMPANY (Filmstrip) Educational
    Projections Corp. 2 filmstrips (2029-A, 59 fr.; 2029-B, 44 fr.),
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 31Dec69 (in notice
    for 2029-B: 1970); JP12343.

  FINE STRUCTURE OF CHROMOSOMES (Filmstrip) No. 1569. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audiovisuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196091.

  FIRE MOUNTAIN. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 9 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 15Jun70;
    MP20602.

  FIRST DAY ON THE JOB. See

    [KEEPING A JOB]

  FIRST NIGHT OUT. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  FIRST PAYCHECK. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  FISH IN THEIR ENVIRONMENT. See

    UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT.

  FISH, MASTER OF MOVEMENT: LOCOMOTION IN THE SEA. Reela Educational
    Films, a division of Wometco Enterprises. Released by Sterling
    Movies, Educational Films Division. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with University of Miami School of Marine &
    Atmospheric Sciences, Dade County Public Schools & Editors of
    International Oceanographic Foundation Publications. © Reela
    Educational Films a.a.d.o. Reela Films, a division of Reela Film
    Laboratories, Inc.; 21Jul70 (in notice: 1969); MP20807.

  THE FISHERMAN AND HIS WIFE. Weston Woods Studios. 20 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.;
    15Aug70; LP38298.

  FISHERMAN'S KINGDOM. United Motors Service, division of General Motors
    Corp. & Shakespeare, Sporting Goods Division. Made by Francis Carter
    Wood, Inc. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Mort Neff-Francis Carter
    Wood production. © Francis Carter Wood, Inc.; 31Jul70; MP20822.

  FIVE EASY PIECES. B.B.S. Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Five Easy Pieces Productions,
    Inc.; 1Sep70; LP38186.

  FLAG DAY (Filmstrip) 85. Educational Projections Corp. 33 fr., color,
    35mm. Appl. ti.: Celebrating Flag Day. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 30Jun68; JP12406.

  FLAMINGO FLATS. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  FLAMINGOES OF THE WORLD. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20708.

  FLAP JACK FOR BREAKFAST. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  FLATS AND EQUIPMENT. G.M. 5. Pace Productions. 4 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20642.

  FLIGHT TO THE PLANETS. Teaching Films. 11 min., sd., color. (Space
    technology series) © Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.;
    21Sep70; MU8238.

  FLOWERING. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film. Appl.
    author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20747.

  FOAL. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS] (Filmstrip) Science
    Research Associates. 5 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit. Contents:
    Sometimes I wonder, pt. 1-2. 36 fr.--Judy's ups and downs. 36
    fr.--Circle of feelings. 36 fr.--The magic glasses. 36 fr.--The
    parade. 36 fr. Appl. authors: Judith L. Anderson, Carole S. Lang &
    Virginia R. Scott. © Science Research Associates, Inc.; 16Jun70;
    A187533.

  FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Developing good work and study habits) Author, Louise Jacobsen;
    illustrator, Marina Givotavsky. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166389.

  FOODS. See

    PIONEER COMMUNITY.

  THE FOOT SOLDIER (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Technifax
    Education Division. 55 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War as it
    happened) Appl. ti.: The foot soldier in the Civil War. ©
    Educational Direction, Inc.; 22Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12714.

  THE FOOT SOLDIER (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by Technifax
    Education Division. 60 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War as it
    happened) With Teacher's guide, 41 p. Morris Gall, general editor;
    Alexander M. Butman, associate editor. © Educational Direction,
    Inc.; 27Feb70 (in notice: 1969); JP12725.

  FOR ALL THE LIVING YOU DO, CHRYSLER COMES THROUGH (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.; 1971
    Chrysler features. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12547.

  FOREST FAMILIES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Friendly animal families) Author, Allen Crawford; illustrator,
    Frank Graham. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166426.

  FORWARD CURRENT TRANSFER RATIO--HYBRID. See

    CURRENT TRANSFER RATIO--HYBRID.

  FOSSIL INTERPRETATION. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film.
    Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20750.

  THE FOUL-KIN. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 5Aug70; LP38226.

  FOUNTAIN OF YOUTH. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  FOUR SEASONS. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  THE FOUR STROKE CYCLE ENGINE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology) Planned & written by
    Sheldon Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jan70; JP12584.

  A FOURTH OF JULY ADVENTURE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 40 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Let's celebrate holidays) Author, Helen Allen;
    illustrator, Mary Graham. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166476.

  FOX FAMILIES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20734.

  FRA ANGELICO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec67; JP12702.

  FRACTIONS (Filmstrip) No. 747. Educational Projections Corp. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 8Apr69; JP12670.

  FRACTIONS. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  FRAN TARKENTON. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS (Filmstrip) Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Filmstrip: 1, lecons 1-4.
    30 fr.--2, lecons 5-8. 39 fr.--3, lecons 9-12. 37 fr.--4, lecons
    13-15. 33 fr. [By] Josee Pilot-Debienne Okin & Conrad J. Schmitt.
    Appl. ti.: Filmstrips for le francais: commencons. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc.; 14Oct70; A185739.

  LE FRANCAIS: CONTINUONS (Filmstrip) Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Filmstrip 1-4: Lecons 1-3.
    48 fr.--Lecons 4-6. 44 fr.--Lecons 7-9. 55 fr.--Lecons 10-12. 39 fr.
    [By] Josee Pilot-Debienne Okin & Conrad J. Schmitt. © McGraw-Hill,
    Inc.; 14Oct70; A185738.

  FREDDY FORECAST. Fairman Productions. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Fairman Productions, Inc.; 23Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LP38148.

  FREDERICK DOUGLASS (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by Blackside.
    67 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black Americans)
    With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70; A178318.

  FREEDOM TO CHOOSE. Family Planning. 25 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Family
    Planning, Inc.; 9Nov70; MU8247.

  FRESCOES BY GIOTTO (Filmstrip) Films & Slides. 16 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Films & Slides; 1Dec62; JP12697.

  FREUD: THE HIDDEN NATURE OF MAN. International Cinemedia Center.
    Released by Learning Co. of America. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38321.

  FRIENDLY ANIMAL FAMILIES. See

    BABY BIRDS, HIGH AND LOW.

    FARM BABIES, WAKE UP.

    FOREST FAMILIES.

    JUNGLE ANIMALS.

  FRIENDS AND PARTNERS. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  FROG PRINCE. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  FROM ABOLITION MOVEMENTS TO CIVIL WAR, 1850-1865 (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American
    history) Author, Kenneth Brown; illustrator, Kenneth Barr. © Troll
    Associates; 18Feb70; A166398.

  FROM AFRICA TO THE NEW WORLD, 1000-1713 (Filmstrip) Troll Associates.
    43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American history) Author,
    Kenneth Brown; illustrator, James Bresnan. © Troll Associates;
    6Feb70; A166390.

  FROM RECONSTRUCTION TO JIM CROW, 1865-1898 (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American
    history) Author, Kenneth Brown; illustrator, Kenneth Barr. © Troll
    Associates; 18Feb70; A166392.

  FROM ROMANTICISM TO SYMBOLISM. See

    ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

  FROM THE CRADLE TO THE CROWN. Tennessee Walking Horse Breeders Assn.
    Made by Ro-Co Films. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Tennessee Walking
    Horse Breeders Assn. of America (in notice: Tennessee Walking Horse
    Breeders Assn.); 20May70; MP20623.

  FROM THE FACE OF THE EARTH. King Screen Productions. 16 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © King Broadcasting Co., 10Jul70; MP20776.

  FULL DAY'S GROWTH. See

    [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  FUN AND GAMES AND MICHAEL AMBROSE. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  FUN WITH WORDS: FROM SENTENCES TO PARAGRAPHS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 25Sep70; MP20971.

  FUN WITH WORDS: FROM WORDS TO SENTENCES. Coronet Instructional Films.
    11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20905.

  FUNCTIONS OF THE CEREBELLUM AS REVEALED BY ITS DESTRUCTION IN THE
    PIGEON. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21009.

  FUNDAMENTAL OPERATIONS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 40 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Math) Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San
    Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in
    notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12516.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF BIOLOGY. See

    MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES.

    MICROBIOLOGY.

    SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY.

    THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF PUBLIC SPEAKING. See

    PUBLIC SPEAKING: FUNDAMENTALS.

  FUNDAMENTALS OF RESERVOIR ENGINEERING. Pt. 1-2. American Institute of
    Mining, Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers. 2 motion pictures (36
    one hour reels each). Videotape (1/2 in.) Appl. author: Society of
    Petroleum Engineers of A.I.M.E. © American Institute of Mining,
    Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers, Inc.; 31Jul70; MU8209-8210.


                                   G

  G. B. TIEPOLO (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Arrangement & text by Carol A. Peterson. © Herbert E.
    Budek Films & Slides; 1Jul67; JP12691.

  GALLANT TAILOR. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  GAME OF CHANCE. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  GAMES AND INTRODUCTORY REMARKS. Pt. 1. Dart Industries. 11 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Stop and go learning, session 1) © Dart
    Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20610.

  GAMES AND INTRODUCTORY REMARKS. Pt. 2. Dart Industries. 8 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Stop and go learning, session 1) © Dart
    Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20611.

  GAMES AND INTRODUCTORY REMARKS. Pt. 3. Dart Industries. 8 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Stop and go learning, session 1) © Dart
    Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20612.

  GEARS & SOUNDS. See

    REAR AXLE.

  GENE FLOW IN A CALIFORNIA SALAMANDER. Regents of University of
    Colorado. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry
    films) Loop film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum
    Study. © Regents of University of Colorado; 11Jul69 (in notice:
    1968); MP20765.

  THE GENERAL ANGLE (Filmstrip) No. 1184. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide,
    5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69; A196115.

  A GENERAL CONCEPT OF CONGRUENCE (Filmstrip) No. 1182. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    A196113.

  GENERAL ORDER RELATIONS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop
    film. © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20828.

  GENERATION. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  GENETICS OF BACTERIAL NUTRITION. Regents of University of Colorado. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop
    film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents
    of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20762.

  GENTLE BEN. Ivan Tors Films. Approx. 30 min. each, sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in association with CBS Television Network. © Ivan Tors
    Films, Inc.

    Boom's land boomerang. © 16Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38083.

    The bully. © 13Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP38097.

    Busman's holiday. © 20Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP38086.

    Code name, disaster. © 10Nov68; LP38099.

    The competitor. © 2Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38081.

    Elephant on the lam. © 23Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38084.

    Flamingo flats. © 2Feb69; LP38064.

    Flap Jack for breakfast. © 20Oct68; LP38068.

    A gift of love. © 3Nov68; LP38069.

    The great mail boat robbery. © 19Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38077.

    The haunted castle. © 22Dec68; LP38074.

    The intruders. © 17Nov68; LP38070.

    Keeper of the glades, pt. 1. © 5Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38076.

    Keeper of the glades, pt. 2. © 12Jan69; LP38063.

    Knights of the road. © 15Dec68; LP38073.

    The last red wolf. © 23Feb69; LP38065.

    Lifeline. © 9Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38079.

    Mark of the arrow. © 9Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38082.

    My son the banker. © 16Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38080.

    The prey. © 30Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38085.

    Show biz. © 26Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38078.

    Starr of Green Bay. © 24Nov68; LP38071.

    Two for the sea, pt. 1. © 22Sep68; LP38098.

    Two for the sea, pt. 2. © 29Sep68; LP38066.

    The wall that Mark and Tom built. © 6Oct68; LP38067.

    The warden's apprentice. © 29Dec68; LP38075.

    Warden's Pond. © 8Dec68; LP38072.

  GEOGRAPHY IN AN URBAN AGE. See

    HIGH SCHOOL GEOGRAPHY: NEW INSIGHTS.

  GEOGRAPHY OF ALASKA AND HAWAII. Coronet Instructional Films. 16 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 2Feb70; MP20588.

  GEOMETRIC INEQUALITIES (Filmstrip) No. 1190. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 4May70;
    A196121.

  GEOMETRY (Filmstrip) No. 739. Educational Projections Corp. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 20Jan69; JP12662.

  GEOMETRY (Filmstrip) No. 770. Educational Projections Corp. 49 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 27Mar70; JP12681.

  GEOMETRY. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1-3.

  GEORGE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Let's celebrate holidays) Author, Thomas Crawford;
    illustrator, Larissa Lawrynenko. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70;
    A166471.

  GEORGES BRAQUE (Filmstrip) Films & Slides. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Films & Slides; 1Dec62; JP12692.

  GEORGETOWN, ARLINGTON AND MOUNT VERNON. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  GERONIMO JONES. Learning Co. of America. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38315.

  GET ON BASE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
    Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    7Jul70; JP12435.

  GETTING ALONG ON THE JOB. See

    [KEEPING A JOB]

  GETTING LOST (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 33 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Personal development) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Joseph
    Russo. © Troll Associates; 10Jan70; A166461.

  [GETTING TO SCHOOL] (Filmstrip) KDI Forera Corp. 2 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Contents: Sam, the talking lunchbox. 38
    fr.--Teddy's new friends. 35 fr. © KDI Forera Corp.; 14Dec70;
    A203180.

  GEYSERS AND HOT SPRINGS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20688.

  GIANNI SCHICCHI: THE GROWTH OF AN OPERA. Pennsylvania State
    University, College of Arts & Architecture, Dept. of Theater Arts &
    Music. 20 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Pennsylvania State University;
    1Jun68; MP20859.

  GIANTS IN THE EARTH, BY OLE RÖLVAAG (Filmstrip) No. 5025. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature release)
    With Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.;
    2Mar70; A196151.

  GIFT HORSE. See

    THE MONKEES. 8.

  A GIFT OF LOVE. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  THE GIFTS. U.S. Dept. of the Interior, Federal Water Quality
    Administration, Office of Public Information. Made by Richter
    McBride Productions. 28 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Richter McBride
    Productions, Inc.; 3Jun70; MP20941.

  GIGGLE. See

    [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  LA GIRA AL CAMPO DE LA FAMILIA (Filmstrip) S-124. Educational
    Projections Corp. 28 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 3Sep68; JP12381.

  GIVE US THE CHILDREN. National Broadcasting Co. 79 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 11May70; MP20596.

  GLACIERS AND FROZEN STREAMS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20687.

  GO GET 'EM TIGER. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  GO GO GO-RILLA. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38367.

  GOING APE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38421.

  GOING TO SCHOOL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 36 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Personal development) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Mildred
    Kaye. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166460.

  THE GOLD MINE. See

    BONANZA.

  GOLDEN GOOSE. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  GONE FISHING--FISHING GONE. Ronald W. Ryle. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Ronald W. Ryle; 28Sep70; LU3598.

  A GOOD CITIZEN IN SCHOOL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 38 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Practicing good citizenship) Author, Bertha Sickels;
    illustrator, Sylvia Bokor. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166403.

  THE GOOD GUYS AND THE BAD GUYS. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 91 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    LP38121.

  GOODBYE FOREVER. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  GOVERNING THE CITY. McGraw-Hill Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (City-state-federal government series) Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20653.

  GOVERNING THE STATE. McGraw-Hill Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (City-state-federal government series) Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20655.

  GOVERNMENT AT WORK. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  THE GOVERNOR'S GUIDE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64; LP38335.

  GRAMMAR USAGE: LET'S GIVE A SHOW (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 36 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward
    McCullough; illustrator, Isabel Ericson. © Troll Associates;
    14Jan70; A166435.

  LA GRAN CIUDAD (Filmstrip) S-166. Educational Projections Corp. 32
    fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 23Oct68; JP12388.

  GRANDFATHERS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  GRANDPA LAW. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38356.

  GRANULOSA CELL TUMOR. See

    AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

  GRAPHING (Filmstrip) No. 771. Educational Projections Corp. 45 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 7May70; JP12682.

  GRAVIMETRIC DETERMINATION OF SULFATE. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio State
    University. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm (Experimental general
    chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert Barnard &
    Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept. of Chemistry (in
    notice: Ohio State University); 9Oct70; MP20957.

  GREAT BASIN AND THE PAINTED DESERT. See

    NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.

  GREAT EXPECTATIONS, A NOVEL BY CHARLES DICKENS (Filmstrip) No. 5023.
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature
    release) With Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
    Inc.; 5Jan70; A196153.

  THE GREAT GRAIN ROBBERY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38376.

  GREAT HORNED OWL, NOCTURNAL HUNTER. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20740.

  GREAT LAKES: CAUSES OF POLLUTION. See

    POLLUTION.

  GREAT LAKES: HISTORY AND ECOLOGY. See

    POLLUTION.

  GREAT LAKES: RESULTS OF POLLUTION. See

    POLLUTION.

  THE GREAT MAIL BOAT ROBBERY. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  GREAT NOVELS AND THEIR AUTHORS. Group IV (Filmstrip) Society for
    Visual Education. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide
    and reading script, 2 v. Contents: A148-7--148-8: Herman Melville,
    the man and his works. 48 fr.--Moby-Dick; or, The whale, by Herman
    Melville, analysis and evaluation. 50 fr. Gordon Laite, illustrator.
    Appl. author: William D. McLean. © Society for Visual Education,
    Inc.; 30Apr70; A170052.

  GREAT PREGNANCY. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE GREAT WHITE HOPE. Lawrence Turman Films. Released by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. 104 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.
    Based on Howard Sackler's play. © Lawrence Turman Films, Inc. &
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 11Oct70; LP38328.

  GREEDY HANK'S BIG POCKET. Coronet Instructional Films. 8 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20908.

  THE GREEKS HAVE A NEW WORD. Ameran Films. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Ameran Films, Ltd.;
    1May70; MP20550.

  GREEN PLANTS. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 8
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents:
    Little Red Riding Hood. 38 fr.--The six servants. 40 fr.--Snow White
    and Rose Red. 34 fr.--The golden goose. 35 fr.--The gallant tailor.
    36 fr.--The three daughters. 39 fr.--The frog prince. 31 fr.--The
    nose. 37 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 22Jul70; JP12449.

  GROWING PUPPIES. See

    [HORLICKS CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  GROWING UP TO BE A GOOD CITIZEN (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Practicing good citizenship) Author, Anne Brent;
    illustrator, Gloria Fletcher. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166405.

  GROWTH OF TOWNS AND CITIES. See

    SETTLING THE WEST.

  GUIDES TO DISSECTION. See

    ANTERIOR ASPECT OF LEG & DORSUM OF FOOT.

    ANTERIOR ASPECT OF THE THIGH.

    POSTERIOR ASPECT OF THE LEG (CALF)

  GUIDING THE SEX EDUCATION OF CHILDREN. Pt. 1 (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 59 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and the family) By
    Beverlie Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jan68; JP12507

  GULLIVER'S TRAVELS. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  THE GUNS OF JOHNNY RONDO. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  GUSTAVE COURBET (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Arrangement & text by Carol A. Peterson. © Herbert E.
    Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12686.


                                   H

  HACIA LA NACION (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 3 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. (Mexico en su historia) With Filmstrip manual, 10 p.
    Contents: La conquista. 56 fr.--La Herencia cultural de la colonia.
    55 fr.--Mexico desde su independencia. 58 fr. By Sidney & Mary Lee
    Nolan; translated & edited by Carlos H. Monsanto. © Educational
    Filmstrips; 1Sep70; JP12649.

  HAIKU: AN INTRODUCTION TO POETRY. Coronet Instructional Films. 12
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced by Institute of Design, Illinois
    Institute of Technology, © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 19Mar70; MP20566.

  HALF-HOUR AND QUARTER HOUR. See

    TIME STUDY SERIES.

  HALL OF MIRRORS. See

    WUSA.

  HANDLING DANGEROUS CHEMICALS: ACIDS. Centron Educational Films. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May70; MP20633.

  HANDLING DANGEROUS CHEMICALS: BASES. Centron Educational Films. 9
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May70; MP20634.

  [HANDLING FINANCES. Pt. 4] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections
    Corp. 18 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 2016-A--2016-B.
    The first paycheck. 58 fr.; 48 fr.--2017-A--2017-B. How to
    handle your money. 58 fr.; 48 fr.--2018-A--2018-B. Opening a
    savings account. 58 fr.; 47 fr.--2019-A--2019-B. Opening a
    checking account. 59 fr.; 47 fr.--2020-A--2020-B. Checking on
    your expenses. 59 fr.; 46 fr.--2021-A--2021-B. Buying
    carefully. 59 fr.; 47 fr.--2022-A--2022-B. Installment buying.
    58 fr.; 48 fr.--2023-A--2023-B. Borrowing money. 59 fr.; 45
    fr.--2024-A--2024-B. Sending money to the family. 58 fr.; 45
    fr. © Educational Projections Corp.; 31Dec69; JP12350.

  HANDLING OBJECTIONS & CLOSING (Filmstrip) American Training Academy.
    53 fr., color, 35 mm. Original material, research & direction by
    James L. Miller. Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr67, JP10226. NM:
    additions & revisions. © James L. Miller; 11Feb70; JU12638.

  HANDS. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HAPPY PRINCE. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  HARMONY (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 25 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Music, unit 5) Planned & written by Dr. Stoddard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12526.

  HASANABAD (Filmstrip) American Anthropological Assn. 35 fr., color, 35
    mm. © American Anthropological Assn.; 12Aug68; JP12497.

  HATCHERIES AND TRANSPLANTING FISH--CONSERVATION. Troll Associates. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates;
    16Jan70; MP20673.

  THE HAUNTED CASTLE. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  HAWKS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. ©
    Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20738.

  THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN AND ICHABOD CRANE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates.
    41 fr., color, 55 mm. (American folk heroes and tall tales) A tale
    by Washington Irving; Illustrator, Richard Bresnan. © Troll
    Associates; 8Jan70; A166485.

  HEART RESPONSES TO STIMULI. See

    PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.

  HEARTBEAT OF A VOLCANO. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 21
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (AGI-EBEC earth science film series)
    Produced in cooperation with American Geological Institute. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 13May70; MP20769.

  HEARTS. Office du Film du Quebec. Released by Columbia Pictures
    Industries. 17 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Office du Film du Quebec;
    1Mar70 (in notice: 1968); MP20794.

  HEGIRA! Scottsdale Chamber of Commerce. Made by Swarthout Film
    Productions. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Swarthout Film
    Productions; 19Nov69; MP20942.

  HEIDI. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  HELL BOATS. Oakmont Productions. Released by United Artists Corp. 94
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Oakmont Productions, Inc.; 20May70 (in
    notice: 1969); LP38231.

  HELLO, DOLLY! Chenault Productions. Released by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. 144 min., sd., color, 70 mm. Todd-AO. Based on the stage
    play & on The matchmaker, by Thornton Wilder. © Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. & Chenault Productions, Inc.; 18Dec69;
    LP38180.

  HELLO, GOODBYE, HELLO. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  HEMATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 3
    filmstrips (51 fr. each), color, 35 mm. With manual, 84 p. By Bong
    Hak Hyun, Minerva Blank & R. Philip Custer. © W. B. Saunders Co.;
    4Nov70; JP12607.

  HERDING INSTINCTS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20732.

  HERE COMES COLUMBUS DAY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Let's celebrate holidays) Author, Thomas Crawford;
    illustrator, Karen Tureck. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166473.

  HERENCIA CULTURAL DE LA COLONIA. See

    HACIA LA NACION.

  HERITAGE OF AFRO-AMERICAN HISTORY. See

    CHANGING CURRENTS OF CIVIL RIGHTS, 1942-1960.

    FROM ABOLITION MOVEMENTS TO CIVIL WAR, 1850-1865.

    FROM AFRICA TO THE NEW WORLD, 1000-1713.

    FROM RECONSTRUCTION TO JIM CROW, 1865-1898.

    LEADERS WHO LEFT THEIR MARK.

    LIFE IN THE NEW AMERICAN COLONIES, 1713-1792.

    THE LONG HARD STRUGGLE, 1898-1942.

    THE PLANTATION SYSTEM, 1790-1850.

    YEARS OF CHALLENGE, 1960-1970.

  HERITAGE OF TARASCAN LIFE. See

    TARASCAN MEXICO.

  HERMAN MELVILLE, THE MAN AND HIS WORKS. See

    GREAT NOVELS AND THEIR AUTHORS.

  HERMAN MELVILLE'S MOBY DICK (Filmstrip) No. 5022. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69;
    A196154.

  HERONS AND CRANES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20702.

  HERRING GULLS (Filmstrip) Education Development Center. 20 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Education Development Center, Inc.; 26Jun69; JP12655.

  HEX MARKS THE SPOT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38353.

  THE HIGH CHAPARRAL. Xanadu Productions. Approx. 48 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Xanadu Productions, Inc.

    Alliance. © 13Nov69; LP38403.

    Apache trust. © 30Jul69; LP38392.

    Auld lang syne. © 23Oct69; LP38402.

    Bad day for a bad man. © 14Aug69; LP38394.

    The Brothers Cannon. © 12Sep69; LP38398.

    Friends and partners. © 20Nov69; LP38404.

    Generation. © 5Mar70; LP38387.

    The guns of Johnny Rondo. © 22Jan70; LP38382.

    Jelks. © 8Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38388.

    The Journal of death. © 31Dec69; LP38407.

    Lady fair. © 26Sep69; LP38399.

    The legacy. © 16Sep69; LP38401.

    The lieutenant. © 19Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38389.

    The little thieves. © 9Oct69; LP38400.

    The long shadow. © 4Dec69; LP38405.

    The lost ones. © 3Sep69; LP38396.

    Mi casa, su casa. © 10Dec69; LP38406.

    New hostess in town. © 29Jan70; LP38383.

    No trouble at all. © 3Mar70; LP38386.

    A piece of land. © 6Aug69; LP38393.

    The reluctant deputy. © 10Feb70; LP38384.

    Time of your life. © 17Jul69; LP38390.

    A time to laugh, a time to cry. © 25Jul69; LP38391.

    To stand for something more. © 2Sep69; LP38395.

    Too many chiefs. © 19Feb70; LP38385.

    Trail to nevermore. © 9Sep69; LP38397.

  HIGH SCHOOL GEOGRAPHY: NEW INSIGHTS. Association of American
    Geographers. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Geography in an urban age) © Association of American Geographers;
    1Dec69 (in notice: 1968); MP20953.

  HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 1970 ISRAELI DAY PARADE. Martin H. Levinson. 20
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Martin H. Levinson d.b.a. Martin's Media
    (in notice: Martin H. Levinson); 1Aug70; MP20797.

  HIRAM FONG. McGraw-Hill Films & Project 7 Films. 15 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Appl. author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    9Nov70; MP20950.

  HISTORICAL INTERPRETATION OF NEGRO SPIRITUALS AND ANTHEM (Filmstrip)
    Dorothy Conley Elam. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. Produced in cooperation
    with Glassboro Public Schools. Art work by Connie Eriksson;
    photography by Walter J. Vail; written by Dorothy Conley Elam. ©
    Dorothy Conley Elam; 28Jul70; JU12662.

  HISTORY. See

    PUERTO RICO: HISTORY AND CULTURE.

  HISTORY AND CULTURE. See

    SEEING BRAZIL.

  HISTORY OF MEASUREMENT. See

    INTRODUCTION TO THE METRIC SYSTEM.

  HISTORY 17. See

    AMERICAN GOSPEL OF SUCCESS.

    ECONOMICS & CHRISTIAN ETHICS.

    MANIFEST DESTINY.

    RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.

    THE ROBBER BARON CONCEPT.

  HIWAN. See

    [JET X TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  HOKEY HOME MOVIES. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65 (in notice:
    1964); LP3842O.

  HOLLAND-SUPER: A DIALOGUE ON VOCATIONAL DEVELOPMENT THEORY. See JOHN
    HOLLAND AND DONALD SUPER: A DIALOGUE ON VOCATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
    THEORY.

  HOLY SMOKE. Billy Budd Films. 8 min., color, & b&w, 16 mm. © Billy
    Budd Films, Inc.; 1Jan71; MP21139.

  EL HOMBRE DE PAN DE JENGIBRE (Filmstrip) S-171. Educational
    Projections Corp. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 12Oct68; JP12392.

  HOME AWAY FROM HOME (Filmstrip) St. Louis Board of Education. 42 fr.,
    color, 35mm. © St. Louis Board of Education; 16Oct70 (in notice:
    1969); JP12683

  HOME MANNERS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Manners are lots of fun) Author, Marian Frances; illustrator,
    Gordon Hart. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166479.

  HOMECOMING. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  THE HOMELY MOLLUSK (OCTOPUS VULGARIS) Reela Films, a division of
    Wometco Enterprises. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with Wometco Miami Seaquarium, Dade County Public
    Schools & Editors of International Oceanographic Foundation
    Publications. Appl. states prev. reg. 3Mar69, MU8014. © Reela Films;
    15Sep69 (in notice: 1968); MP20624.

  HOMES FOR BLACK CHILDREN. Michigan Consolidated Gas Co. 16 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Michigan Consolidated Gas Co.; 29Oct70; MU8257.

  HOMES IN OTHER LANDS (Filmstrip) Ted D. Dawson. 58 fr., color, 35 mm.
    A Dawson Films production. © Ted D. Dawson; 1Dec70; JP12757.

  HOMES IN OUR COUNTRY (Filmstrip) Ted D. Dawson. 66 fr., color, 35 mm.
    A Dawson Films production. © Ted D. Dawson; 1Dec70; JP12756.

  UN HOMME QUI ME PLAIT (Love is a funny thing) Films 13, Films Ariane &
    Majestic Films. [France] Released in the U.S. by United Artists
    Corp. 109 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Films Ariane, Productions
    Artistes Associes & Films 13 presentation. © Films Ariane, S.A.;
    25Feb70 (in notice: 1969); LF69.

  HONEYMOON KILLERS. Roxanne Co. Released by Cinerama Releasing Corp.
    108 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. © Roxanne Co.; 4Feb70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP38285.

  HONORABLE EXPECTANT GRANDFATHER. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  HONORE DAUMIER (Filmstrip) Films & Slides. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Films & Slides; 1Dec62; JP12694.

  HOP AND CHOP. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 17Jun70; LP38250.

  HOPI. See

    SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAMILIES.

  HOPI AND NAVAJO, PEOPLE OF THE SOUTHWEST (Filmstrip) Troll Associates.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (American Indians and how they really lived)
    Author, Dana Todd; illustrator, John Easterbrook. © Troll
    Associates; 8Jan70; A166457.

  HORIZONTAL CENTERING USING THE BACK SPACING METHOD. See

    BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING.

  HORIZONTAL CENTERING USING THE MATH METHOD. See

    BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING.

  [HORLICKS CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Horlicks Corp. Made by
    Beecham. Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Horlicks Corp.

    Growing puppies. Rev. © 19Nov70; MU8259.

    Growing puppies. 60 sec. © 19Nov70; MU8260.

  HORMONE CONTROL OF INSECT DEVELOPMENT (Filmstrip) No. 1571. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Biology release)
    With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.;
    6Apr70; A196093.

  HORNET'S NEST. Triangle Productions. Released by United Artists Corp.
    Based on a story by S. S. Schweitzer & Stanley Colbert. © Triangle
    Productions; 26Aug70; LP38467.

  HOROSCOPE. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  THE HORSE TRADERS. See

    BONANZA.

  HOT DOG. Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions. Approx. 28
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Production (in notice: Lee
    Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions); No.

    2. Mustard. © 19Sep70; MP20866.

    3. Chocolate. © 26Sep70; MP20869.

    4. Toothpaste. © 3Oct70; MP20868.

    5. Cheer leader. © 10Oct70; MP20867.

  HOT DOG. Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions. Approx. 28
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Lee Mendelson-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions.

    No.

    1. Neon. © 12Sep70; MP20922.

    6. Tennis balls. © 17Oct70; MP20937.

  HOUR. See

    TIME STUDY SERIES.

  HOURS AND MINUTES. See

    TIME STUDY SERIES.

  HOUSE OF DARK SHADOWS. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 102 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Based upon the ABC-TV series. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
    20Aug70; LP38132.

  THE HOUSE THAT GUS BUILT. LTV Education Systems. Made by Motion
    Picture Services. 36 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © LTV Education
    Systems, Inc. (in notice: LTV Education Systems, Inc., a subsidiary
    of LTV Aerospace Corp.); 15Apr70; MP20898.

  HOUSING IN THE SOVIET UNION. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  HOW A FOREST FIRE CHANGES THE LAND. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20694.

  HOW A HAMBURGER TURNS INTO YOU. Dairy Council of California. Made by
    Wexler Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Dairy Council of
    California; 11Mar68; MP20825.

  HOW CAN THE U.S.A. FIGHT POVERTY? (Filmstrip) No. 9010. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies
    release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
    Inc.; 1Sep69 (in notice on teaching guide: 1970); A196095.

  [HOW DO I LEARN?] (Filmstrip) Inside Out Productions. 5 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. (Kindle) With Teaching guide, 45 p. Contents: Figuring
    things out. 59 fr.--Making mistakes. 51 fr.--Do you forget? 56
    fr.--Who's afraid? 57 fr.--What next? 57 fr. Created & produced by
    Edward Carini & Maria Callas. NM: compilation. © Scholastic
    Magazines, Inc.; 15Sep70; A185580.

  HOW DOES IT MAKE YOU FEEL. See

    THE REPORT CARD: HOW DOES RICCARDO FEEL.

  HOW DOES IT MAKE YOU FEEL? ONLY BENJY KNOWS: SHOULD HE TELL?
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 4 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 18Jun70; MP20772.

  HOW DOES IT WORK AND WHAT DOES IT LOOK LIKE. See

    ALL AROUND WITH CIRCLES.

    ANGLES AND MORE ANGLES.

    SIX SIMPLE MACHINES.

  HOW DOES MAN CHANGE ECOSYSTEMS. See

    THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY.

  HOW DOES NATURE CHANGE ECOSYSTEMS. See

    THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY.

  HOW FLOWERS MAKE SEEDS. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  HOW SCHOOL HELPS TO PREPARE YOU FOR ADVANCEMENT (Filmstrip) 2030-A.
    Educational Projections Corp. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 15May70; JP12345.

  HOW SCHOOL HELPS TO PREPARE YOU FOR ADVANCEMENT (Filmstrip) 2030-B.
    Educational Projections Corp. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 31Dec69; JP12344.

  HOW THE CITIZEN MAKES HIS VOICE HEARD (Filmstrip) No. 860. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies
    release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    Inc.; 2Feb70; A196109.

  HOW THE ELEPHANT GOT HIS TRUNK. Stephen Bosustow Productions. Released
    by Learning Co. of America. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from
    Rudyard Kipling's Just so stories. © Learning Co. of America,
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38324.

  HOW THE FIRST LETTER WAS WRITTEN. Stephen Bosustow Productions.
    Released by Learning Co. of America. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Adapted from Rudyard Kipling's Just so stories © Learning Co. of
    America, division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70;
    LP38323.

  HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT. Stephen Bosustow Productions. Released
    by Learning Corp. of America. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted
    from Just so stories, by Rudyard Kipling. © Learning Co. of America,
    a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 17Nov70; LP38474.

  HOW THEY SPROUT AND GROW. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  HOW TO COMMIT MARRIAGE. Naho Pictures. Released by Cinerama Releasing
    Corp. 98 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Naho Pictures; 28May69; LP38284.

  HOW TO DROWN PROOF YOUR CHILD. Little Folks Swim School. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Roy E. Dailey. © Phillip M. Hamm, Sr.;
    16Jun70; MP20897.

  HOW TO HANDLE YOUR MONEY. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  HOW TO OPERATE THE SPIRIT DUPLICATOR (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. (Spirit duplication, lesson 3)
    Planned & written by C. A. Rohr. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o.
    Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan69; JP12523.

  HOW TO PLAN YOUR RECREATION (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp.
    2 filmstrips (2032-A, 58 fr.; 2032-B, 46 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 15Apr70 (in notice: 1969); JP12347.

  HOW TO PREPARE A STENCIL USING A TYPEWRITER (Filmstrip) Mt. San
    Jacinto College. 46 fr., color, 35 mm. (Office machines) Planned &
    written by C. A. Rohr. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San
    Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan70; JP12585.

  HOW TO READ A MICROMETER (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 32 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Automotive technology) Planned & written by Sheldon
    Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); JP12583.

  HOW TO STUDY (Filmstrip) 352. Educational Projections Corp. 36 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Apr67; JP12370.

  HOW TO STUDY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Developing good work and study habits) Author, Bertha Sickels;
    illustrator, Natalie Rosen. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166388.

  HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINATED DRAWING BOARD (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Office machines) Planned & written
    by C. A. Rohr. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto
    Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College);
    1Jan70; JP12586.

  HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Educational Direction.
    Made by Technifax Education Division. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. (The
    Civil War as it happened) © Educational Direction, Inc.; 22Jan70 (in
    notice: 1969); JP12713.

  HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Educational Direction.
    Made by Technifax Education Division. 34 fr., color, 35 mm. (The
    Civil War as it happened) With Teacher's guide, 41 p. Morris Gall,
    general editor; Alexander M. Butman, associate editor. © Educational
    Direction, Inc.; 27Feb70 (in notice: 1969); JP12724.

  HOW WORDS ARE MADE (Filmstrip) 644. Educational Projections Corp. 36
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Jun67;
    JP12363.

  THE HUNGRY ASTRONUT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38365.

  HYDRIDES AND OXIDES (Filmstrip) No. 684. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Chemistry release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196127.

  HYDROGEN EMBRITTLEMENT, CORROSION II. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20556.


                                   I

  I NEVER SANG FOR MY FATHER. Columbia Pictures Industries. 90 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the Broadway play of the same name by
    Robert Anderson. A Jamel Production. © Columbia Pictures Industries,
    Inc.; 1Oct70; LP38185.

  I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON (Filmstrip) Bowmar. 3 filmstrips, color,
    35 mm. (Early childhood series, pt. 3) Contents: A-C: Communicating
    with others. 42 fr.--Learning in many ways. 37 fr.--Searching for
    answers: what? why? how? 39 fr. Written by Ruth Jaynes & Beatrice
    Woodbridge; editor & chief photographer, Nancy Curry, additional
    photographs by Harvey Mandlin. © Bowmar, Inc. a.a.d.o. Bowmar
    Records, Inc.; 10Nov70; JP12646.

  I WALK THE LINE. John Frankenheimer Productions, Edward Lewis
    Productions, Halcyon Productions & Atticus Productions. Released by
    Columbia Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on
    the novel An exile, by Madison Jones. © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 1Oct70; LP38184.

  IF I CAN'T SING, I'LL LISTEN. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  IF I SHOULD WAKE BEFORE I DIE. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  IF YOU GET INTO TROUBLE. See

    [DAILY PROBLEMS]

  I'LL BUY THAT. American Cancer Society. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Mazin-Wyckoff film. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 21Aug70;
    LP38174.

  THE IMMIGRANT FROM AMERICA. Rediscovery Productions. 20 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Presented by New York Times & Arno Press. © New York
    Times Co.; 2Mar70; LP38124.

  IMPERFECT CRIME. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films Inc.; 19Aug64; LP38332.

  IMPORTANCE OF ANIMAL TAILS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20729.

  IMPORTANCE OF BIRD TAILS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20728.

  IMPORTANCE OF TEETH. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20730.

  THE IMPORTANCE OF VOCABULARY. See

    [VOCABULARY BUILDING]

  IMPRINTING. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film. Appl.
    author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of the
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20760.

  IN SEARCH OF GREGORY. Vic Films Productions & Vera Films. [Spain]
    Released in the U.S. by Universal Pictures. 90 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. © Universal Pictures, Ltd.; 22Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LF66.

  IN THE CRASH. Insurance Institute for Highway Safety. Made by Harvest
    Films. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Albert Benjamin
    Kelley. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 24Aug70; MP20784.

  INDEPENDENCE DAY (Filmstrip) 86. Educational Projections Corp. 33 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: Celebrating Independence Day. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 30Jun68; JP12407.

  INDEPENDENCE DAYS AROUND THE WORLD (Filmstrip) No. 863. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies
    release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
    Inc.; 4May70; A196112.

  INDEPENDENT STUDY. Quadrant Productions. Made by Journal Films. 10
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Leonard Slaton. © Gilbert
    Altschul Productions, Inc.; 15Dec69; MP20863.

  INDIANS: THE FIRST AMERICANS (Filmstrip) Ted D. Dawson. 91 fr., color,
    35 mm. A Dawson Films production. © Ted D. Dawson; 1Dec70; JP12754.

  INDONESIA: A TIME TO GROW. McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Films. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in collaboration with
    Vision Associates, Inc. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 10Jul70; MP20821.

  INDONESIA: A TIME TO GROW. McGraw-Hill Book Co. 20 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. Produced by McGraw-Hill Films in collaboration with Vision
    Associates. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Sep70; MP20882.

  INDUSTRY AND TRADE. See

    SEEING BRAZIL.

  INEQUALITIES (Filmstrip) No. 1252. Popular Science Audio-Visuals, 41
    fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide, 5
    p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70; A196083.

  INHALATION THERAPY TECHNICIAN. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  INKY, THE CROW. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  INLAND WATERWAYS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20698.

  INPUT RESISTANCE--HYBRID. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20926.

  INSTALLMENT BUYING. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  INSTANT HAIR CURLERS. See

    [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  INTEREX 1024 AUTOMATED MEDICAL HISTORY PROGRAM C (Filmstrip) Medequip
    Corp. 441 fr., b&w, 35 mm. © Medequip Corp.; 19Jun70; JP12580.

  THE INTERVIEW (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2 filmstrips
    (2009-A, 53 fr.; 2009-B, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 25Apr69; JP12353.

  INTERPERSONAL RELATIONS: FAMILY & CHILD (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by Beverlie
    Burgard) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69;
    JP12509.

  INTERPRETACJE. See

    INTERPRETATIONS.

  INTERPRETATIONS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 13 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Edited from the film Interpretacje, produced by
    Educational Film Studio for Film Polski. Appl. states prev. reg. &
    prev. pub. NM: abridgement. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 3Aug70; MP20886.

  INTRAMUSCULAR INJECTIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  INTRAVENOUS THERAPY. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  INTRODUCING ENGLISH (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 37 fr., color, 35
    mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward McCullough;
    illustrator, Isabel Ericson. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166444.

  INTRODUCTION & GAS CHROMATOGRAPHY. John Wiley & Sons. 28 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Chromatography, pt. 1) © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
    1Jun70; MP20599.

  INTRODUCTION TO AMINO ACIDS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 87 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L.
    Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198783.

  INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL MEASUREMENTS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment. 102 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author:
    Robert L. Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198781.

  INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL OXIDATION AND ATP (Filmstrip) Ward's
    Natural Science Establishment. 95 fr., color, 35 mm. With Kit.
    Author: Robert L. Gering; developed by Information Applications. ©
    Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198782.

  INTRODUCTION TO CARBOHYDRATES (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 89 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L.
    Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198787.

  INTRODUCTION TO DNA (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment.
    98 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L. Gering; developed
    by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 1May70; A198780.

  INTRODUCTION TO FATS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science Establishment.
    98 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L. Gering; developed
    by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural Science Establishment,
    Inc.; 1May70; A198788.

  INTRODUCTION TO FOURIER SERIES. Computer Image Corp. Made by Computer
    Image Productions. 4 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Carl A.
    Hedberg. © Computer Image Corp.; 3Jul70; MP20832.

  INTRODUCTION TO KNITTING (Filmstrip) Knitted Fabric Group, National
    Knitted Outerwear Assn. 114 fr., color, 35 mm. © National Knitted
    Outerwear Assn.; 8Aug69; JP12591.

  INTRODUCTION TO PHOTOSYNTHESIS (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L.
    Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198786.

  INTRODUCTION TO SHAVING. See

    [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  INTRODUCTION TO STEAM ENGINES (Filmstrip) 587. Educational
    Projections. 34 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    1Aug66; JP12554.

  INTRODUCTION TO THE ANIMAL CELL (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 102 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L.
    Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198778.

  INTRODUCTION TO THE METRIC SYSTEM (Filmstrip) Ted D. Dawson. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Pt. 1-4: History of measurement.
    52 fr.--Measurement of length. 55 fr.--Measurement of volume. 37
    fr.--Measurement of weight. 38 fr. © Ted D. Dawson; 8May70;
    JP12556-12559.

  INTRODUCTION TO THE NITROGEN CYCLE (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 98 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L.
    Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198779.

  INTRODUCTION TO TRUSTS (Filmstrip) Audibank. 56 fr., color, 16 mm. ©
    Audibank, a solely owned operating division of Duncan Audio Visual,
    Inc.; 10Sep69; JP12742.

  INTRODUCTORY LABORATORY TECHNIQUES. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M.
    Fitch. © Kalmia Co.; 16Oct70; MP20973.

  THE INTRUDERS. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  THE INVISIBEAM. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38429.

  IROQUOIS, PEOPLE OF THE LONGHOUSE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43
    fr., color, 35 mm. (American Indians and how they really lived)
    Author, Dana Todd; illustrator, Kenneth Barr. © Troll Associates;
    8Jan70; A166454.

  IRRIGATION (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Conservation, saving our environment) Author, Dana Todd;
    illustrator, Virginia Barton. © Troll Associates; 26Jan70; A166418.

  IS THERE ANY MAN HERE. See BONANZA.

  IS THERE LIFE ON EARTH. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  ISLE OF CAPRICE. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D-F; 18Dec69; LP38127.

  ISOLATION OF THE CARDIAC PACEMAKER. See

    PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.

  ISRAEL: THE LAND AND THE PEOPLE. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1May70; MP20855.

  IT'S A SMALL WORLD. See

    BONANZA.

  IT'S UP TO YOU. American Cancer Society. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    WCD Production. © American Cancer Society; Inc.; 11Feb70 (in notice:
    1969); LP38173.

  IT'S YOUR CREDIT--MANAGE IT WISELY. See

    BE CREDIT-WISE.

  ITS MUSEUMS AND LIBRARIES. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  ITS MONUMENTS AND MEMORIALS. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  I'VE GOT A LITTLE SONG HERE. See

    THE MONKEES. 12.


                                   J

  A JACK FOR EVERY JOB. Walker Manufacturing Co. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Walker Manufacturing Co.; 6Jul70; MU8205.

  JAMES DICKEY: POET. See

    LORD, LET ME DIE BUT NOT DIE OUT--JAMES DICKEY: POET.

  JAN: BOY OF THE NETHERLANDS. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 19 min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. Produced with the
    assistance of Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs. Appl. states
    prev. reg. & pub. as Children of Holland, 3Nov39, M9831. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 29Sep70; MP20966.

  JASON AND THE GOLDEN FLEECE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 44 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Myths and legends of ancient Greece) Illustrator,
    Regina Fisher. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166489.

  JEAN BAPTISTE CHARDIN (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Herbert E. Budek: 1Dec66; JP12693.

  JELKS. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  [JET X TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Jet X Corp. Approx. 60 sec. each unless
    otherwise indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Jet X Corp. Hiwan. ©
    1Nov70; LP38465.

  JIM CROW AND THE PROGRESSIVES (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by
    Blackside. 58 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black
    Americans) With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70;
    A178322.

  JIMMY AND JOE CATCH AN ELEPHANT. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  JIMMY AND JOE FIND A GHOST. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  JIMMY AND JOE GET A HEN'S SURPRISE. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  JIMMY AND JOE LOOK FOR A BEAR. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  JOE MAGARAC. See

    AMERICAN FOLKLORE.

  JOEY'S CAT (Filmstrip) Viking Press. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. With
    filmstrip guide, 1 v. By Robert Burch; illustrated by Don Freeman.
    Appl. states prev. reg. 24Mar69, A62224. NM: revisions &
    compilation. © Don Freeman; 15Apr70; JP12740.

  JOHN HENRY. See

    AMERICAN FOLKLORE.

  JOHN HENRY AND HIS MIGHTY HAMMER (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (American folk heroes and tall tales) Illustrator,
    John Elliott. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166484.

  JOHN HENRY, STEEL DRIVIN' MAN. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  JOHN HOLLAND AND DONALD SUPER: A DIALOGUE ON VOCATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
    THEORY. Pt. 1-2. Distinguished Contributors Films. 2 motion pictures
    (pt. 1, 25 min.; pt. 2, 28 min.), sd., color, 16 mm. (The
    distinguished contributors to counseling series) Appl. titles:
    Holland-Super, a dialogue ... theory. © Distinguished Contributors
    Films, Inc.; 1Jan70 (in notices: 1969); MP20604-20605.

  JOHNNY APPLESEED (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (American folk heroes and tall tales) Illustrator, Ettie de Laczay.
    © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166482.

  JOLLY JUPITER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38432.

  JON GUENTHER. International Institute of Coiffure Designers. Made by
    Allan Keith Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Allan Keith
    Productions, Inc.; 16Oct68; MP20798.

  JORINDA AND JORINGEL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Beloved fairy tales) By the Brothers Grimm; illustrator,
    Virginia Apostolides. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166415.

  JOSE OF THE PAMPA. See

    SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.

  THE JOURNAL OF DEATH. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  JOURNEY INTO DARKNESS. American Cancer Society. Made by Trio
    Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
    Inc.; 15Aug69; LP38176.

  JOURNEY TO CHINALE. Waica Films. Released by McGraw-Hill Films. 26
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Willard Baldwin. © Willard
    Baldwin d.b.a. Waica Films; 1Nov69; MP20549.

  JUDY'S UPS AND DOWNS. See

    [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS]

  JUNGLE ANIMALS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 35 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Friendly animal families) Author, Patricia Marshall; illustrator,
    Herbert Leopold. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166427.

  JUST GHOST T' SHOW YOU. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38369.

  JUST ONE. Narcotics Education. Made by Burt Martin Associates. 23
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Narcotics Education, Inc.; 1Sep70;
    LP38243.

  JUST SO STORIES. See

    HOW THE ELEPHANT GOT HIS TRUNK.

    HOW THE FIRST LETTER WAS WRITTEN.

    HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT.


                                   K

  KEEP A TIGHT LINE ON THE HOT ONES (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
    Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 24Aug70; JP12445.

  KEEP IT CONVERSATIONAL (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 26Oct70; JP12630.

  KEEPER OF THE GLADES, Pt. 1 & 2. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  [KEEPING A JOB. Pt. 3] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 10
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 2011-A--2011-B. The first day on
    the Job. 59 fr.; 47 fr.--2012-A--2012-B. Getting along on the Job.
    60 fr.; 48 fr.--2013-A--2013-B. Safety on the Job. 59 fr.; 48
    fr.--2014-A--2014-B. The role of the union. 59 fr.; 47
    fr.--2015-A--2015-B. On the job benefits. 58 fr.; 47 fr. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 15Oct69; JP12351.

  KEEPING IN TOUCH WITH THE FAMILY. See

    [DAILY PROBLEMS]

  KELLY'S HEROES. Warriors Co. Released by Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 144
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.;
    14May70; LP38087.

  KEYSTONE OF CONFIDENCE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute, Marketing
    Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 62 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12550.

  KICK. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  KINDLE. See

    [HOW DO I LEARN]

  KING, A FILMED RECORD: MONTGOMERY TO MEMPHIS. Martin Luther King Film
    Project. 185 min., sd., b&w, 35 mm. A Commonwealth United Corp.
    production. NM: compilation & addition. © Martin Luther King Film
    Project, Inc.; 25Feb70; MP20745.

  KINGDOM OF BENIN. See

    THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.

  KINNENEH AND THE GORILLA. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  KINTU AND THE LAW OF LOVE. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  KITCHEN MAGICIAN. Popeil Bros. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Field
    version. © Popeil Bros., Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20778.

  KNIGHTS OF THE ROAD. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  KRAKATOA: EAST OF JAVA. Security Pictures. [Stockholm] Released by
    Cinerama Releasing Corp. 131 min., sd., color, 70 mm. Cinerama. ©
    American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.; 26Dec68; LP38109.

  KUBLA KHAN. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.


                                   L

  LABORATORY SKILLS IN CHEMISTRY (Filmstrip) No. 682. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Chemistry release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69;
    A196125.

  THE LADY AND THE MARK. See

    BONANZA.

  LADY FAIR. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  THE LADY IN THE LINCOLN MEMORIAL. New York Times Co. & Arno Press. 19
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Rediscovery production. © New York Times
    Co.; 15Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38061.

  THE LADY, OR THE TIGER? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 16
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Short story showcase) From the story by
    Frank Stockton. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.;
    23Dec69; MP20767.

  LADY, OR THE TIGER. See

    A DISCUSSION OF FRANK STOCKTON'S THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.

  LAKES. Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University. 9 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Indiana University; 24Apr70; MP20592.

  THE LAND AND CLIMATE OF THE SOVIET UNION. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  LAND AND PEOPLE. See

    SEEING BRAZIL.

  LAND OF THE TARASCANS. See

    TARASCAN MEXICO.

  LANDING ON ANOTHER WORLD. Teaching Films. 20 min., sd., color. ©
    Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.; 21Sep70; MU8241.

  THE LANDLORD. Mirisch Productions & Cartier Productions. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 110 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on a novel
    by Kristin Hunter. © Mirisch Productions, Inc. & Cartier
    Productions, Inc.; 20May70; LP38466.

  LAST DAY OF THE WAR. Sagittarius Productions. 96 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. An Atlantida-Prodi co-production in association with Valencia
    Productions. © Sagittarius Productions, Inc.; 5Jun70 (in notice:
    1969); LP38143.

  THE LAST ESCAPE. Oakmont Productions. Released by United Artists Corp.
    90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Oakmont Productions, Inc.; 29Apr70 (in
    notice: 1969); LP38126.

  THE LAST GRENADE. Cinerama & Distrifilm. [Canada] Released in the U.S.
    by Cinerama Releasing Corp. 94 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision.
    Based on the novel The Ordeal of Major Grigsby, by John Sherlock. ©
    Cinerama, Inc. & Distrifilm, S.A.; 6Mar70; LF65.

  LAST HARBOR RAID, EPISODE 1. See

    RAT PATROL.

  THE LAST RED WOLF. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  THE LATHE, FACEPLATE TURNING. See

    WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

  THE LATHE, SPINDLE TURNING. See

    WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

  THE LAW AND BILLY BURGESS. See

    BONANZA.

  LAWMAN TO THE RESCUE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38348.

  A LAWMAN'S LOT IS NOT A HAPPY ONE. See

    BONANZA.

  LAWYERS. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  LEADERS WHO LEFT THEIR MARK (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 45 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American history) Author, Kenneth
    Brown; illustrator, Judith Fringuello. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70;
    A166396.

  LEARNEASY SERIES. See

    ADDITION: TWO DIGIT PLUS TWO DIGIT, REGROUPING ONES TO TENS.

  LEARNING ABOUT FRUITS WE EAT. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 20Aug70; MP20972.

  A LEARNING ENVIRONMENT FOR CHILDREN. Grades 1-6 (Filmstrip) Broadman
    Films. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. NM: additions &
    revisions. © Broadman Films: 1Jul70; A173133.

  LEARNING IN MANY WAYS. See

    I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.

  LEARNING ON YOUR OWN (Filmstrip) No. 421. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69;
    A196143.

  LEARNING TO DO THINGS FOR YOURSELF (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Personal development) Author, Seth Alexander;
    illustrator, Gordon Hart. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166464.

  LEARNING TO HELP OTHERS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 35 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Personal development) Author, Anne Brent; illustrator,
    Natalie Rosen. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166459.

  LEARNING TO LEARN SERIES. See

    CLEANLINESS: TO BE CLEAN MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD.

    MEDICAL CARE: IT'S YOUR TURN TO SEE THE DOCTOR

    NUTRITION: I'LL TRADE YOU MY COOKIE FOR AN ORANGE.

    PHYSICAL FITNESS: SLOW DOWN, I CAN'T KEEP UP.

    SCHOOL: DOING THE VERY BEST YOU CAN.

  LEARNING TO LISTEN CAREFULLY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 35 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Personal development) Author, Anne Brent;
    illustrator, Larissa Lawrynenko. © Troll Associates; 10Jan70;
    A166462.

  LEARNING TO WRITE LETTERS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34 fr., color,
    35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward McCullough;
    illustrator, Natalie Rosen. © Troll Associates; 10Jan70; A166441.

  LEAVES AND THEIR WORK. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  LECONS 1-12. See

    LE FRANCAIS: CONTINUONS.

  THE LEGACY. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Lehn & Fink Products.
    Approx. 30 sec. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Lehn & Fink Products.

    Down the Drain hair. LFD-91-3C. © 10Feb69; MP20543.

    Woman's shirt. LGF-82-3C. © 29Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20542.

  LEISURE. See

    THE CITIES.

  LEONARDO DA VINCI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 14 fr., color, 35 mm.
    © Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec65; JP12687.

  LET ERNEST COME OVER. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  LET OUR WATERS LIVE (Filmstrip) Sophisticate Film Corp. 42 fr., color,
    35 mm. With Filmstrip manual, 1 v. Appl. authors: Nicholas S. Goges
    & Philip T. Merenda. © Sophisticate Film Corp.; 1Aug70; A196413.

  LET'S CELEBRATE HOLIDAYS. See

    A FOURTH OF JULY ADVENTURE.

    GEORGE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.

    HERE COMES COLUMBUS DAY.

    A SPOOKY TALE FOR HALLOWEEN.

    TREES FOR ARBOR DAY.

    THE VALENTINE MYSTERY.

  LET'S TELL PICTURE STORIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents: My
    home. 54 fr.--My family. 52 fr.--My neighborhood. 46 fr.--My
    favorite fun. 52 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 6Mar70; JP12457.

  LET'S MEASURE: USING STANDARD UNITS. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20906.

  THE LETTERS OF JOHN (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 49 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 8Oct70; A199725.

  [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Lever Bros. Co. Approx. 60
    sec. each unless otherwise indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: J. Walter Thompson Co. © Lever Bros. Co.

    Contortionist. SH-12. © 11Sep70; MP20990.

    Contortionist. SH-20. 30 sec. © 5Sep70; MP20992.

    Female pushbutton presenter, Carmen Bradshaw. SH-18. © 23Sep70;
      MP20995.

    Female pushbutton presenter, Christy O'Connor. SH-15. © 10Sep70;
      MP20994.

    Giggle. LESH0016. Rev. © 30Sep70; MP20996.

    Giggle. SH-19. 30 sec. © 3Sep70; MP20991.

    Male presenter. SH-16. © 5Sep70; MP20993.

  LEXINGTON AND CONCORD, APRIL 19, 1775 (Filmstrip) International Film
    Bureau. 84 fr., color, 35 mm. © Melvin Brodshaug; 15Jul70 (in
    notice: 1969); JP12760.

  LICENSED PRACTICAL NURSE. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  LIEUTENANT. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  LIFE AND DEATH (Filmstrip) Marian Ray, England. 32 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With manual, 30 l. © Marian Ray; 7May70; AFO-62825.

  THE LIFE AND MINISTRY OF OUR LORD (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 52 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Ju170; A173140.

  LIFE BEGINS IN KATIE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  LIFE CYCLE OF TREES. See

    THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT.

  LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 44 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Victoria Chapman;
    illustrator, Virginia Buffington. © Troll Associates; 12Jan70;
    A166447.

  LIFE IN THE DARK AGES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Victoria Chapman;
    illustrator, Brett Schlesinger. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70;
    A166451.

  LIFE IN THE DESERT. See

    NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.

  LIFE IN THE MIDDLE AGES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Victoria Chapman;
    illustrator, Brett Schlesinger. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70;
    A166450.

  LIFE IN THE NEW AMERICAN COLONIES, 1713-1792 (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 40 fr., color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American
    history) Author, Kenneth Brown; illustrator, John Elliott. © Troll
    Associates; 18Feb70; A166397.

  LIFE OF CHRISTINE JORGENSEN. See

    THE CHRISTINE JORGENSEN STORY.

  LIFELINE. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  LIGHT AND SHADOWS. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  LIKE IT IS. Monroe Auto Equipment Co. Made by Video Films. 23 min.,
    si., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: John Ford. © Video Films, Inc.;
    14Oct70; MU8256.

  LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY. John Wiley & Sons, Inc. 20 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Chromatography, pt. 2) © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 1Jun70;
    MP20600.

  LISA! PAY ATTENTION. Niklason-Platt Educational Films. 22 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Niklason-Platt a.a.d.o. Niklason-Platt Educational
    Films; 7Feb70; MP20598.

  LITERARY NEW ENGLAND: MID-NINETEENTH CENTURY (Filmstrip) International
    Film Bureau. 84 fr., color, 35 mm. © Melvin Brodshaug; 15Jul70 (in
    notice: 1969); JP12761.

  LITERATURE APPRECIATION: ANALYZING CHARACTERS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1May70; MP20854.

  LITTLE BEE, Z SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  LITTLE BRITCHES. See

    THE WILD COUNTRY.

  LITTLE CHOO-CHOO CH SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY. Weston Woods Studios. 7 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. From the book illustrated by Ezra Jack Keats. Appl. author:
    Morton Schindel. © Weston Woods Studios, Inc.; 25Sep70; MP20899.

  LITTLE FAUSS AND BIG HALSY. Alfran Productions & Furie Productions.
    Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Furie Productions, Inc.;
    6Oct70; LP38419.

  LITTLE PRINCESS. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  LITTLE RED RIDING HOOD. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  THE LITTLE THIEVES. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  LIVING. See

    THE CITIES.

  LIVING CORALS. See

    UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT.

  LIZARDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20663.

  LO QUE EL INVIERNO SIGNIFICA PARA NOSOTROS. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  LO QUE EL OTONO SIGNIFICA PARA NOSOTROS. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  LO QUE EL VERANO SIGNIFICA PARA NOSOTROS. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  LO QUE LA PRIMAVERA SIGNIFICA PARA NOSOTROS. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  LO QUE UNA CIUDAD FABRICA (Filmstrip) S-185. Educational Projections
    Corp. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Feb69 (in notice: 1968); JP12398.

  LOCATING A POINT (Filmstrip) No. 1248. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide,
    5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov70 (in notice:
    1969); A196079.

  LOCOMOTION IN AN AMOEBA. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film.
    Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20763.

  LOGO. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE LONELY SCARECROW. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
    1Jul70; MP20910.

  THE LONG HARD STRUGGLE, 1898-1942 (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American history) Author,
    Kenneth Brown; illustrator, John Cayea. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70;
    A166399.

  LONG SHADOW. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  LONG WAY TO OGDEN. See

    BONANZA.

  THE LONGEST HUNDRED MILES. Universal Television. 106 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Based on a story by Hennie Leon. © Universal Television, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc.; 21Jan67 (in notice: 1966);
    LP38475.

  LOOK AGAIN. David Nulsen Enterprises. 15 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: David Nulsen. © David Nulsen Enterprises; 8Jul70;
    MP20768.

  LOOKING FOR A JOB (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2
    filmstrips (2004-A, 64 fr.; 2004-B, 48 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 15Dec68; JP12358.

  LOOKING UP FACTS AND INFORMATION (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 36 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Developing good work and study habits) Author, Louise
    Jacobsen; illustrator, Herbert Leopold. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70;
    A166394.

  LOONEY TUNES. See

    SKYSCRAPER CAPER.

  LOR. Teaching Films. 20 min., sd., color. © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    subsidiary of A-V Corp.; 21Sep70; MU8243.

  LORD, LET ME DIE BUT NOT DIE OUT -- JAMES DICKEY: POET. Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 37 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 23Jul70; MP20891.

  LORENZO OF BOLIVIA. See

    SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.

  LOST LULLABY, l SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  LOST ONES. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  THE LOST RECTANGLE. See

    STORIES ABOUT SHAPES.

  LOVE IS A CAROUSEL. Roma Productions. 77 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Roma Productions Ltd., Inc.; 16Nov70; LU3600.

  LOVE IS A FUNNY THING. See

    UN HOMME QUI ME PLAIT.

  LOVE STORY. Love Story Co. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 101
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 20Oct70;
    LP38327.

  LOW MAN LAWMAN. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38347.

  LUISA TENIA RAZON. American Cancer Society. Made by Viguie Film
    Productions. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
    Inc.; 26Jul68; LP38172.

  LUNG CANCER: EARLY DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT. American Cancer Society.
    18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Rarig film production. © American
    Cancer Society, Inc.; 22Oct69; LP38175.


                                   M

  MACHINE GUN MCCAIN. Euroatlantica. Released by Columbia Pictures. 95
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Freely based on the novel Candyleg, by Ovid
    Demaris. © Euroatlantica, S.P.A.; 1Sep70 (in notice: 1969); LP38191.

  MACHINISTS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS. Set B (Filmstrip) Macmillan
    Co. Made by Instructional Media Associates. 6 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With Teacher's manual, 56 p. Contents: Simple machines. 47
    fr.--Green plants. 47 fr.--Classifying animals. 49 fr.--Electricity.
    37 fr.--Light and shadows. 40 fr.--Weather. 49 fr. Script by Tintern
    Research & Educational Enterprises. © Macmillan Co.; 16Mar70 (in
    notice: 1969); A161314.

  MACMILLAN SCHOOL MATHEMATICS PROGRAM. See

    GENERAL ORDER RELATIONS.

    MODELS: WHEN TO ADD OR SUBTRACT.

    SIMILARITY.

  MADONNA WITH A KNAPSACK AND FLUTE See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  THE MAGIC GARDEN OF STANLEY SWEETHEART. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 112 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Robert T. Westbrook. ©
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19May70; LP38088.

  MAGIC GLASSES. See

    [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS]

  THE MAGIC HOUSE. King Screen Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © King Broadcasting Co.; 10Jul70; MP20777.

  MAGIC MACHINES AND OTHER TRICKS. Columbia Pictures Corp. Made by
    Fly-By-Night Productions. 15 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Joan Keller
    Stern; 1Jun70 (in notice: 1969); MP20796.

  MAIL BOAT ROBBERY. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  MAJOR KINDS. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  MAKE IT HAPPEN (Filmstrip) Success Motivation Institute. 112 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Success Motivation Institute, Inc.; 20May70;
    JP12441.

  MAKE YOUR MARKET PAY. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by Visualscope. 11
    min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Caltex Petroleum Corp.;
    13Nov70; MU8251.

  MAKING AN OUTLINE (Filmstrip) 361. Educational Projections. 40 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Graphic supervision, Edward Bodler, Jr. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 31Mar67; JP12553.

  MAKING MANAGEMENT BY OBJECTIVES WORK. National Assn. of Purchasing
    Management. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Assn. of
    Purchasing Management, Inc.; 1Jun70; LP38144.

  MAKING MISTAKES. See

    [HOW DO I LEARN]

  MALE PRESENTER. See

    [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  MAMA MAGNOLIA'S PECAN PIES. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64
    (in notice: 1963); LP38359.

  MAN AND NATURE. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. Made by Gerrit C.
    Zwart & Chester F. Protheroe. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Fundamentals of
    biology, roll B-106) Rev. & edited by Ellsworth R. Johnson; drawings
    & lettering by Helen Smith Zwart. © Gerrit C. Zwart; 2Jan70;
    A187643.

  A MAN CALLED HORSE. Sandy Howard Productions Corp. Released by
    National General. 114 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Cinema Center Films
    presentation. Based on a story by Dorothy M. Johnson. © Sandy Howard
    Productions Corp.; 27Mar70; LP38188.

  MAN HAS WINGS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  MAN: THE BUILDER. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  MAN WHO OWNED THE MOON. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.

  MAN WITHOUT A HEART. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  MANIFEST DESTINY (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 42 fr., color,
    35 mm. (History 17-A, unit 9-D) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o.
    Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan68; JP12519.

  MANNERS ARE LOTS OF FUN. See

    COMMUNITY MANNERS.

    HOME MANNERS.

    SCHOOL MANNERS.

  MAP MEANINGS. Computer Image Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Computer Image Corp.; 17Aug70; MP20895.

  MAP SKILLS: RECOGNIZING PHYSICAL FEATURES. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 10Feb70; MP20585.

  MAPS AND MEANING TO HISTORY. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20576.

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D. Universal City Studios. [Canada] Released by
    MCA-TV. Approx. 53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the
    cooperation of the American Academy of General Practices. ©
    Universal City Studios, Inc.

    All flags flying. © 19Oct69; LP38440.

    The chemistry of hope. © 14Dec69; LP38447.

    Dance to no music. © 1Feb70; LP38451.

    The daredevil gesture. © 15Mar70; LP38457.

    Don't ignore the miracles. © 5Oct69; LP38438.

    Echo of a baby's laugh. © 26Oct69; LP38441.

    Enid. © 22Mar70; LP38458.

    The foal. © 28Sep69; LP38437.

    Fun and games and Michael Ambrose. © 11Jan70 (in notice: 1969);
      LP38435.

    Go get 'em, tiger. © 8Feb70; LP38452.

    Hello, goodbye, hello. © 21Sep69; LP38436.

    Homecoming. © 23Nov69; LP38445.

    The legacy. © 25Jan70; LP38450.

    Let Ernest come over. © 7Dec69; LP38446.

    Madonna with a knapsack and flute. © 16Nov69; LP38444.

    The merely syndrome. © 1Mar70; LP38455.

    Nobody wants a fat jockey. © 15Feb70; LP38453.

    The other side of the chart. © 22Feb70; LP38454.

    Rebel doctor. © 12Apr70; LP38459.

    Sea of security. © 8Mar70; LP38456.

    Silken threads and silver hooks. © 12Oct69; LP38439.

    The soft phrase of peace. © 4Jan70 (in notice: 1969); LP38434.

    The Vrahnas demon. © 9Nov69; LP38443.

    The white cane. © 2Nov69; LP38442.

  MARCUS WELBY, M.D. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. Approx.
    53 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the cooperation of
    the American Academy of General Practice. © Universal City Studios,
    Inc.

    Diagnosis: fear. © 30Dec69; LP38449.

    Neither Punch nor Judy. © 21Dec69; LP38448.

  MARGARET MEAD'S NEW GUINEA JOURNAL. National Educational Television &
    Radio Center. 90 min., sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) © National
    Educational Television & Radio Center; 17Nov68; MP20743.

  MARIANO AND LUCHO OF ECUADOR. See

    SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.

  MARIO AND JONAS OF BRAZIL. See

    SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.

  MARK OF THE ARROW. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  MARKETING AND MERCHANDISING. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  MARRIAGE AND THE FAMILY. See

    DIVORCE AND RE-MARRIAGE.

    EMERGING PATTERNS OF FAMILY LIVING.

    GUIDING THE SEX EDUCATION OF CHILDREN.

    INTERPERSONAL RELATIONS: FAMILY & CHILD.

    THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF MARRIAGE.

    THE NEW PARENT LEARNS TO LIVE WITH BABY.

  MARTIAN MOOCHERS. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38430.

  MARTIAN RECIPE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38423.

  MARVELOUS! MAGNIFICENT! THE METROPOLITAN MUSEUM! National Broadcasting
    Co. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.;
    31Mar70; MP20541.

  MARXISM: THE THEORY THAT SPLIT A WORLD. International Cinemedia
    Center. Released by Learning Co. of America. 26 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38322.

  MASTER TECHNICIANS SERVICE CONFERENCE. See

    POWER STEERING FUNDAMENTALS.

  MATCHMAKER. See

    HELLO, DOLLY.

  MATCHMAKERS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  MATH. See

    EQUATIONS OF STRAIGHT LINE.

    FUNDAMENTAL OPERATIONS.

    POLYNOMIALS.

    PRODUCTS.

    TYPE FACTORING.

  MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 12
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 700-711: The numbers 0-4. 42
    fr.--The numbers 5-9. 42 fr.--Addition. 43 fr.--Basic properties of
    addition. 39 fr.--Subtraction. 39 fr.--Place value. 45 fr.--More
    about addition. 41 fr.--More about subtraction. 40 fr.--Money. 40
    fr.--Time. 44 fr.--Geometry. 40 fr.--Measurement. 40 fr. By Donovan
    R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. Appl. ti.: Modern math, level 1.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Dec69; JP12656.

  MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 12
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 712-723: Place value. 50
    fr.--Addition and its properties. 44 fr.--Addition algorithm. 40
    fr.--Subtraction. 43 fr.--Geometry. 46 fr.--Measurement--linear and
    liquid. 37 fr.--Fractions. 42 fr.--Addition & subtraction on the
    abacus. 42 fr.--Number sentences. 42 fr.--Time and money. 43
    fr.--Multiplication. 44 fr.--Number patterns. 39 fr. By Donovan R.
    Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. Appl. ti.: Modern math, level 2. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 26Aug68; JP12657.

  MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 12
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 724-735: Numeration. 43
    fr.--Addition and subtraction. 41 fr.--Multiplication. 45 fr.--More
    on multiplication. 43 fr.--Division. 45 fr.--Basic properties. 43
    fr.--Number sentences. 46 fr.--Geometry. 46 fr.--Fractions. 45
    fr.--Measurement. 44 fr.--Problem solving. 38 fr.--Elementary number
    theory. 43 fr. Appl. ti.: Modern math, level 3. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 15Nov68; JP12658.

  MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 4. See

    ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.

    DIVISION COMPUTATION 1.

    DIVISION COMPUTATION 2.

    FRACTIONS.

    GEOMETRY.

    MEASUREMENT.

    MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.

    MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 1.

    MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 2.

    NUMBER THEORY.

    NUMERATION SYSTEMS.

    USING NUMBER PAIRS.

  MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 6. See

    DECIMALS.

    DECIMALS--MULTIPLICATION & DIVISION.

    GEOMETRY.

    GRAPHING.

    NUMBER THEORY.

    NUMERATION SYSTEMS.

    PERCENT.

    PROBABILITY.

    RATIO.

    RATIONAL NUMBERS.

    RATIONAL NUMBERS--DIVISION.

    RATIONAL NUMBERS--MULTIPLICATION.

  THE MATHEMATICS OF MOTION (Filmstrip) No. 1183. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69;
    A196114.

  MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: HOW MATERIALS CHANGE. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20848.

  MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: ITS SMALLEST PARTS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20846.

  MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: MIXING AND DISSOLVING. Coronet
    Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20849.

  MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: SOLID, LIQUID, GAS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20850.

  MATTER OF CIRCUMSTANCE. See

    BONANZA.

  MAX THE MINK (Filmstrip) Emlin. 123 fr., color, 35 mm. Produced by D.
    K. Gentry. © Emlin, Inc.; 20Aug70; JP12555.

  THE MAYAN MYSTERY. Hartley Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Elda Hartley. © Hartley Productions, Inc.; 23Sep70;
    MP20984.

  ME AND ABOUT TWENTY OTHERS: SCHOOL HEALTH--WHOSE RESPONSIBILITY.
    Brigham Young University, Motion Picture Dept. 20 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Brigham Young University, Motion Picture Dept.; 9Jul70;
    LP38195.

  THE MEANING OF DECIMALS (Filmstrip) No. 1250. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    A196081.

  MEANING OF ENGAGEMENT. See

    ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE ENGAGEMENT.

  A MEASURE OF UNDERSTANDING. Roundtable Productions. 29 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Roundtable Productions, Inc.; 5Aug70; LP38460.

  MEASUREMENT (Filmstrip) No. 745. Educational Projections Corp. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 4Mar69; JP12668.

  MEASUREMENT. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  MEASUREMENT--LINEAR AND LIQUID. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  MEASUREMENT OF LENGTH. See

    INTRODUCTION TO THE METRIC SYSTEM.

  MEASUREMENT OF VAPOR PRESSURE. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio State
    University. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental general
    chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert Barnard &
    Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept. of Chemistry (in
    notice: Ohio State University); 18Sep70; MP20961.

  MEASUREMENT OF VOLUME. See

    INTRODUCTION TO THE METRIC SYSTEM.

  MEASUREMENT OF WEIGHT. See

    INTRODUCTION TO THE METRIC SYSTEM.

  MEASUREMENT--USE OF THE BALANCE. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio State
    University. 24 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental general
    chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert Barnard &
    Richard T. Yingling. Appl. ti.: Measurement--Use of the analytical
    balance. © Ohio State University, Dept. of Chemistry (in notice:
    Ohio State University); 9Oct70; MP20954.

  MEDAL. See

    BONANZA.

  MEDICAL CARE: IT'S YOUR TURN TO SEE THE DOCTOR (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 63 fr., color, 35 mm. (Learning
    to learn series) With guide. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12495.

  MEDICAL LABORATORY TECHNOLOGY AND CLINICAL PATHOLOGY. Pt. 1-3
    (Filmstrip) W. B. Saunders Co. 3 filmstrips (pt. 1, 91 fr.; pt. 2,
    93 fr.; pt. 3, 91 fr.), color, 35 mm. With manual, 25 p. By Matthew
    J. Lynch & Stanley S. Raphael. © W. B. Saunders Co.; 30Nov70;
    JP12643.

  MEENA. See

    BONANZA.

  MEMO FROM THE CLASS OF 76. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  MENACE ON THE MOUNTAIN, Pt. 1 & 2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  MENTAL HEALTH AID. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  MERCADO. See

    ASI ES MI TIERRA.

  THE MERCENARY. Produzioni Europee Associate, Produzioni Associate
    Delphos & Profilms 21, Italy. Released in the U.S. by United Artists
    Corp. 105 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. © Produzioni Europee
    Associate; 20Dec68; LF62.

  THE MERCURY BEATING HEART. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John
    Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20562.

  THE MERELY SYNDROME. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  MESOPOTAMIA, CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 47
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Victoria
    Chapman; illustrator, Mildred Kaye. © Troll Associates; 12Jan70;
    A166448.

  METROPOLITAN WASHINGTON REGIONAL MEDICAL PROGRAM. See

    AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

  MEXICAN-AMERICAN CULTURE, ITS HERITAGE. Communication Group
    West/Hollywood. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Communications Group
    West/Hollywood; 1Jul70; LP38242.

  MEXICAN EPIC FROM CONQUEST TO NATION. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.

  MEXICO DESDE SU INDEPENDENCIA. See

    HACIA LA NACION.

  MEXICO EN SU HISTORIA. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.

    HACIA LA NACION.

  MEXICO Y ESPANA. See

    ASI ES MI TIERRA.

  MI CASA, SU CASA. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  MICHAEL'S MOON STORE: PRODUCING GOODS AND SERVICES. See

    PRIMARY ECONOMICS.

  MICHELANGELO'S FRESCOES IN THE SISTINE CHAPEL (Filmstrip) Herbert E.
    Budek Films & Slides. 17 fr., color, 35 mm. Arrangement & text by
    Carol A. Peterson. © Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67;
    JP12701.

  MICHOACAN: LAND OF THE TARASCANS. See

    TARASCAN MEXICO.

  MICROBIOLOGY (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. Made by Gerrit C. Zwart &
    Chester F. Protheroe. 54 fr., color, 35 mm. (Fundamentals of
    biology, roll B-109) Rev. & edited by Ellsworth R. Johnson; drawings
    & lettering by Helen Smith Zwart. © Gerrit C. Zwart; 2Dec70;
    A201333.

  THE MIDDLE AGES. See

    ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

  [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Midland
    Federal Savings & Loan Assn. Approx. 60 sec. each, sd., color, 16
    mm. © Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn.

    Stamps. © 1Oct70; LP38464.

    Sunrise. © 1Oct70; LP38463.

    Windfalls. © 10Aug70; LP38282.

  MIDWEST LITERATURE: THE CITY BACKGROUND. Coronet Instructional Films.
    13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 1May70; MP20856.

  MIDWEST LITERATURE: THE FARM BACKGROUND. Coronet Instructional Films.
    10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 1May70; MP20853.

  MIDWEST LITERATURE: THE TOWN BACKGROUND. Coronet Instructional Films.
    13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 1May70; MP20852.

  MIGUEL: UP FROM PUERTO RICO. Learning Co. of America. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38314.

  MIKE FINK. See

    AMERICAN FOLKLORE.

  MIKE FINK AND THE BIG TURKEY SHOOT. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  MILESTONES IN MEDICINE. See

    SPONDYLOLYSIS: LUMBAR NEURAL ARCH.

  THE MILKWEED FROM SPACE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38372.

  A MILLION (Filmstrip) No. 1249. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. ©
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69; A196080.

  MILLIONAIRE DEPUTY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38352.

  THE MIND OF MR. SOAMES. Amicus Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From the novel by Charles
    Eric Maine. © Amicus Productions, Ltd.; 1Sep70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP38168.

  THE MINERS. See

    SETTLING THE WEST.

  MINUTES. See

    TIME STUDY SERIES.

  MR. PERKIN'S PRIVY AND OTHER MAINE FARMING STORIES. See

    A DOWNEAST SMILE-IN. Part 3.

  MR. R. O. SAFFORD'S OPPORTUNITY MEETING. Hamilton Funding Corp. Made
    by James Slayden Associates. 4 reels, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl.
    author: R. O. Safford. © Hamilton Funding Corp.; 23Sep70; MU8228.

  MOBY DICK. See

    HERMAN MELVILLE'S MOBY DICK.

  MOBY-DICK, OR, THE WHALE, BY HERMAN MELVILLE, ANALYSIS AND EVALUATION.
    See

    GREAT NOVELS AND THEIR AUTHORS.

  A MODEL OF THE KINETIC MOLECULAR CONCEPT. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H.
    Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20561.

  MODELS: WHEN TO ADD OR SUBTRACT. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films.
    1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20827.

  MODERN MATH, LEVEL 1-3. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1-3.

  MODIFIERS--ADJECTIVES AND ADVERBS. (Filmstrip) 653. Educational
    Projections Corp. 39 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 25Mar68; JP12416.

  MOJAVE DESERT. See

    NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.

  MOMMAN, LITTLE JUNGLE BOY. Mass-Brown Pictures Corp. 78 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Mass-Brown Pictures Corp.; 18Dec69; LP38134.

  MONASTICISM AND THE BOOK. See

    OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

  MONEY. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  MONKEE MOTHER. See

    THE MONKEES. 27.

  MONKEE VS. MACHINE. See

    THE MONKEES. 3.

  THE MONKEES. Raybert Productions. Released by Screen Gems. Approx. 30
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Raybert Productions, Inc.

    3. Monkee vs. machine. © 26Sep66; LP38294.

    7. Monkees in a ghost town. © 24Oct66; LP38295.

    8. Gift horse. © 31Oct66; LP38296.

    12. I've got a little song here. © 28Nov66; LP38297.

    27. Monkee mother. © 20Mar67 (in notice: 1966); LP38290.

    33. A nice place to visit. © 11Sep67 (in notice: 1966); LP38291.

    37. Art for Monkee's sake. © 9Oct67 (in notice: 1966); LP38292.

    42. The wild Monkees. © 13Nov67 (in notice: 1966); LP38293.

  MONKEES IN A GHOST TOWN. See

    THE MONKEES. 7.

  MONKEYS AND APES (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips. 2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 71
    fr.--pt. 2, 73 fr.); color, 35 mm. Technical production, Time-Life
    Photo Lab. NM: compilation. © Time, Inc.; 1Jun70; JP12746-12747.

  MONTH. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  MOODS OF A RIVER. Marathon International Productions. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Marathon International Productions, Inc.; 1Sep70;
    MP20933.

  MOONMAN I. Charles Lloyd & Eric Sherman. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Charles Lloyd & Eric Sherman; 4Aug70; MP20816.

  THE MOONSHINE WAR. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Filmways picture. Based on the novel by Elmore Leonard. ©
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 25Jun70; LP38100.

  THE MOOSE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20676.

  MORE ABOUT ADDITION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  MORE ABOUT SUBTRACTION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  MORE ON MULTIPLICATION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  MORE PARTS OF SPEECH: THE CASE OF THE MISSING MONEY BAG (Filmstrip)
    Troll Associates. 38 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language)
    Author, Edward McCullough; illustrator, Kay Chorao. © Troll
    Associates; 14Jan70; A166436.

  MORE SENTENCES: THE HAUNTED HOUSE MYSTERY (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 38 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language)
    Author, Edward McCullough; illustrator, Isabel Ericson. © Troll
    Associates; 14Jan70; A166437.

  MOSQUITO SQUADRON. Oakmont Productions. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 90 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Oakmont Productions, Inc.;
    29Apr70 (in notice: 1968); LP38125.

  A MOST EXCEPTIONAL FISH: THE SEAHORSE. Reela Films, a division of
    Wometco Enterprises. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with Dade County Public Schools & Editors of
    International Oceanographic Foundation Publications. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 10Mar69, MU8030. © Reela Films; 15Sep69 (in notice:
    1968); MP20628.

  MOTHER AND BABY. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  MT. VERNON, GEORGETOWN, ARLINGTON AND SUBURBS. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  MOUNTAIN MELVIN MEETS HAIRY HARRY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.;
    19Aug64 (in notice: 1963); LP38344.

  MOVE. Pandro S. Berman Productions & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    Released by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 89 min., sd., color,
    35. mm. Panavision. Based on the novel by Joel Lieber. © Pandro S.
    Berman Productions, Inc. & Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.;
    31Jul70; LP38146.

  MOVIE MAGIC. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38425.

  THE MOVING IMAGE. Erik J. Shiozaki. 10 min., b&w, 16 mm. © Erik J.
    Shiozaki; 24Jul70; MU8201.

  THE MOVING PICTURE CAMERA. A.S.C. Holding Corp. 22 min., sd., color.
    George J. Mitchell, writer; Harvey Weber & Gene Leff, film editors.
    © A.S.C. Holding Corp.; 10Aug70; MU8223.

  MOVING TO A NEW PLACE. See

    [DAILY LIVING]

  MULE-ITARY MANEUVERS. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38351.

  MULTIPLICATION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION (Filmstrip) No. 738. Educational
    Projections Corp. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By
    Donovan R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 14Mar69; JP12661.

  MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION: EQUATIONS. (Filmstrip) No. 1254. Popular
    Science Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release)
    With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.;
    4May70 (in notice on teaching guide: 1969); A196085.

  MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION I (Filmstrip) No. 740. Educational
    Projections Corp. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By
    Donovan R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 5Mar69; JP12663.

  MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 2 (Filmstrip) No. 741. Educational
    Projections Corp. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By
    Donovan R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 13Feb69; JP12664.

  THE MURDER GAME. Lippert Films. [South Africa] 72 min., sd., b&w, 35
    mm. Based on story by Irving Yergin. © Lippert Films, Ltd.; 7Mar66
    (in notice: 1965); LF68.

  MUSEUM OF TH' SOUTH. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38358.

  MUSIC. See

    HARMONY.

    TEXTURE IN MUSIC.

  MUSIC FROM THE LAND. National Broadcasting Co. 59 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (American profile) © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 9Feb68;
    MP20546.

  MUSKRATS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20700.

  MUSTARD. See

    HOT DOG. No. 2.

  MUTE WITNESS. See

    BULLITT.

  MY DOG, THE THIEF, PT. 1 & 2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  MY FAMILY. See

    LET'S TELL PICTURE STORIES.

  MY FAMILY AND OTHER FAMILIES, ALIKE AND DIFFERENT. See

    ABOUT MYSELF.

  MY FAVORITE FUN. See

    LET'S TELL PICTURE STORIES.

  MY HOME. See

    LET'S TELL PICTURE STORIES.

  MY LOVER, MY SON. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A
    Sagittarius picture. Based on the novel Reputation for a song, by
    Edward Grierson. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP38147.

  MY NEIGHBORHOOD. See

    LET'S TELL PICTURE STORIES.

  MY SON THE BANKER. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  MY THREE GRANDSONS. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  MY THREE SONS. Don Fedderson Productions. Approx. 30 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mac-Fedd Co. © Columbia Broadcasting
    System, Inc.

    Back to earth. © 23Nov68; LP38219.

    Big ol' Katie. © 2Nov68; LP38216.

    Casanova O'Casey. © 7Dec68; LP38221.

    Chip and Debbie. © 11Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38200.

    Chip on wheels. © 24Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP382O2.

    Dr. Osborne, M.D. © 28Sep68; LP38213.

    Ernie is smitten. © 22Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38209.

    Ernie, the transmitter. © 8Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38207.

    Ernie's pen pal. © 1Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38206.

    Expendable Katie. © 14Dec68; LP38222.

    First night out. © 30Nov68; LP38220.

    The fountain of youth. © 27Dec68; LP38224.

    Goodbye forever. © 15Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38204.

    The grandfathers. © 12Oct68; LP38215.

    The great pregnancy. © 21Sep68; LP38212.

    Honorable expectant grandfather. © 1Feb69 (in notice: 1968);
      LP38203.

    Life begins in Katie. © 5Oct68; LP38214.

    The matchmakers. © 15Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38208.

    My three grandsons. © 9Nov68; LP38217.

    The new room. © 21Dec68; LP38223.

    The O'Casey scandal. © 24Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38205.

    The other woman. © 8Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38481.

    Tea for three. © 16Nov68; LP38218.

    Teacher's pet. © 12Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP38211.

    Three's a crowd. © 4Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38199.

    Two o'clock feeding. © 28Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38210.

    What did you do today, Grandpa? © 18Jan69 (in notice: 1968);
      LP38201.

  MYRA BRECKINRIDGE. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 95 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. From the novel by Gore Vidal. © Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp.; 1Ju170; LP38117.

  MYSELF AND OTHER PEOPLE. See

    ABOUT MYSELF.

  MYTHS AND LEGENDS OF ANCIENT GREECE. See

    JASON AND THE GOLDEN FLEECE.

    PEGASUS THE WINGED HORSE.

    PERSEUS AND MEDUSA.

    PROMETHEUS AND THE GIFT OF FIRE.

    THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR.


                                   N

  NBC WHITE PAPER. National Broadcasting Co. Approx. 90 min. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.

    Cry help! Telecast: Apr. 25, 1970. © 13Apr70; MP20548.

  NAPOLEON: THE END OF A DICTATOR. Learning Co. of America. 27 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, a division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 6Apr70; LP38103.

  NAPOLEON: THE MAKING OF A DICTATOR. Learning Co. of America. 28 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, a division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 6Apr70; LP38102.

  NARROW GUAGE ON CUMBRES. See

    DENVER AND RIO GRANDE NARROW GUAGE OVER CUMBRES.

  NASAL MEDICATIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  NATIONAL BOATING TEST. Johnson Motors Division, Outboard Marine Corp.
    Made by Mattco Associates. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Johnson
    Motors Div., Outboard Marine Corp.; 26Feb70: MP20968.

  NATIONAL PARKS OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST (Filmstrip) Clover Park School
    District 400. 91 fr., color, 35 mm. Pub. & distributed by University
    of Washington Press. Photos by Louis Kirk, Ira Spring & Yoshi
    Nishihara. © Clover Park School District 400; 2Feb70; JP12440.

  THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF MARRIAGE (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and family, by G. H.
    Grotey, lesson 1) Audio-visual production, A. H. Waterman; art, Pam
    Weaver. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan68;
    JP12518.

  THE NATURE OF LIFE: ENERGY AND LIVING THINGS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 7Apr70; MP20851.

  THE NATURE OF LIFE: RESPIRATION IN ANIMALS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 12 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20845.

  THE NATURE OF LIFE: THE LIVING CELL. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 22Jul70; MP20858.

  NATURE'S STRANGEST ODDBALLS. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  NAVAJO. See

    SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAMILIES.

  THE NAVAJO: A STUDY IN CULTURAL CONTRAST. Journal Films. 15 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Gilbert Altschul. © Journal Films, Inc.;
    24Oct68; MP20861.

  LA NAVIDAD DE UNA FAMILIA (Filmstrip) S-127. Educational Projections
    Corp. 33 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 2Oct68;
    JP12382.

  NED KELLY. Woodfall, Ltd. Released by United Artists Corp. 103 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. © Woodfall, Ltd.; 10Jun70; LP38089.

  NEIGHBORHOODS AROUND THE WORLD. See

    SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS.

  NEITHER PUNCH NOR JUDY. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  NEON. See

    HOT DOG. No. 1.

  NERVES AND HEARTBEAT RATE. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film.
    Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20746.

  NETSILIK LIFE (Filmstrip) Education Development Center. 19 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Education Development Center, Inc.; 26Jun69; JP12653.

  THE NETSILIK TODAY (Filmstrip) Education Development Center. 16 fr.,
    b&w, 35 mm. With the cooperation of the National Museum of Canada &
    the National Film Board of Canada. © Education Development Center,
    Inc.; 11Jun67; JP12652.

  NEVER ON THIRSTY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 5Aug70; LP38225.

  THE NEVERGLADES. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38343.

  NEW ADVENTURES IN LANGUAGE. See

    CAPITALIZATION: DON'T HIDE IN TREES, PLEASE.

    GRAMMAR USAGE: LET'S GIVE A SHOW.

    INTRODUCING ENGLISH.

    LEARNING TO WRITE LETTERS.

    MORE PARTS OF SPEECH: THE CASE OF THE MISSING MONEY BAG.

    MORE SENTENCES: THE HAUNTED HOUSE MYSTERY.

    NOUNS: WHO'S WHO IN THIS CRAZY ZOO.

    PARAGRAPHS: HENRY LEARNS SOMETHING NEW.

    PARTS OF SPEECH: UP AND AWAY IN A FLYING BOAT.

    PUNCTUATION MARKS: MELVIN MAKES HIS MARK.

    PUNCTUATION: THERE'S A DRAGON IN MY BACKYARD.

    SENTENCES: A SILLY DAY WITH CECIL.

    SPELLING: HOW SPELLING ALMOST RUINED MUDVILLE'S LITTLE LEAGUE.

    USING REFERENCE MATERIALS.

    VERBS: A STRANGE NEW BROTHER.

  NEW DOCTORS. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  NEW ENGLAND'S HERITAGE TRAIL. Paramount Pictures Corp. Made by Winik
    Films. 2 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. (See the U.S.A.) © Paramount
    Pictures Corp.; 9Apr69; MP20630. (See also New England's heritage
    trail; 9Apr69; MP20946)

  NEW ENGLAND'S HERITAGE TRAIL. Paramount Pictures Corp. Made by Winik
    Films Corp. 2 reels, sd., color, 35 mm. (See the U.S.A.) © Paramount
    Pictures Corp.; 9Apr69; MP20946. (See also New England's heritage
    trail; 9Apr69; MP20630)

  NEW HOSTESS IN TOWN. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  NEW INSIGHTS. See

    THINGS THAT BOUNCE.

    THINGS THAT FALL.

    THINGS THAT FLOAT.

    THINGS THAT FLY.

    THINGS THAT ROLL.

    THINGS THAT STICK.

  THE NEW JERSEY SHORELINE. Environmental Films. 18 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Thomas P. Grazulis. © Environmental Films, Inc.;
    1Aug70; MP2O8O5.

  THE NEW PARENT LEARNS TO LIVE WITH BABY (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto
    College. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (Marriage and the family) By Beverlie
    Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan68;
    JP12529.

  A NEW PLACE TO LIVE. See

    [DAILY LIVING]

  NEW ROOM. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  A NEW SHAPE FOR FREDDY. See

    STORIES ABOUT SHAPES.

  NEW ZEALAND: PROSPERITY BASED ON TRADE (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. Made by American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Jules Power
    International Productions & McGraw-Hill. 46 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (South Pacific geography series) © American Broadcasting Co.
    Merchandising, Inc. & McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec68; JP12469.

  A NEWCOMER COMES TO TOWN (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Practicing good citizenship) Author, Bertha Sickels;
    illustrator, Jacqueline Blair. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166407.

  A NICE PLACE TO VISIT. See

    THE MONKEES. 33.

  NIGHT OF.

    For titles beginning with Night of See THE WILD, WILD WEST.

  NIKO, BOY OF GREECE. ACI Productions. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Stelios Roccos. © ACI Productions, Inc.; 19Feb68;
    MP20606.

  1970 LOW SPEED CAR CRASH TESTS. Insurance Institute for Highway
    Safety. 34 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Albert Benjamin
    Kelley. © Insurance Institute for Highway Safety; 24Aug70; MP20785.

  [1971 BARRACUDA FEATURES] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy,
    Inc. 50 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12548.

  1971 CHRYSLER FEATURES. See FOR ALL THE LIVING YOU DO, CHRYSLER COMES
    THROUGH.

  1971 CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH FURY COMING THROUGH BIG (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: 1971
    Fury features. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12540.

  [1971 DART/DEMON PRODUCT FILM] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 67 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 3Sep70; JP12541.

  1971 DODGE TRUCKS: MAXIVALUE (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 76 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 30Sep70; JP12551.

  [1971 ENGINEERING FEATURES] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 58 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12545.

  1971 FURY FEATURES. See

    1971 CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH FURY COMING THROUGH BIG.

  [1971 MARKET ORIENTATION FILM] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 77 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 23Sep70; JP12537.

  [1971 OPTIONS] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 56
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12542.

  [1971 VALIANT/DUSTER FEATURES] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 56 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Sep70; JP12546.

  [1971 VALIANT/DUSTER FEATURES] (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 66 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 10Sep70; JP12444.

  NO HARVEST FOR THE REAPER. See

    WHAT HARVEST FOR THE REAPER.

  NO SPACE LIKE HOME. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38431.

  NO TROUBLE AT ALL. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  NO-TURN SPEED BROIL. Westinghouse Electric Corp. Made by Jam Handy
    Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Westinghouse Electric Corp.; 6Jul70; MU8206.

  NOBODY WANTS A FAT JOCKEY. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With manual, 26 p. Contents: Face of the
    desert. 57 fr.--Life in the desert. 57 fr.--The Chihuahuan Desert.
    58 fr.--The Sonoran Desert. 58 fr.--The Mojave Desert. 58 fr.--The
    Great Basin and the Painted Desert. 58 fr. Written & photographed by
    Sidney & Mary Lee Nolan. © Educational Filmstrips; 1Apr70; JP12333.

  NOSE. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  NOUNS AND PRONOUNS (Filmstrip) 652. Educational Projections Corp. 36
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Feb68; JP12415.

  NOUNS: WHO'S WHO IN THIS CRAZY ZOO? (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 30
    fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward
    McCullough; illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70;
    A166430.

  NOW. see

    THE PANTHERS.

  NUESTRA FAMILIA EN CASA (Filmstrip) S-109. Educational Projections
    Corp. 29 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    20Sep68; JP12377.

  NUESTRO CUMPLEANOS (Filmstrip) S-158. Educational Projections Corp. 29
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 18Apr69;
    JP12386.

  NUMBER PATTERNS. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  NUMBER SENTENCES. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  NUMBER THEORY (Filmstrip) No. 742. Educational Projections Corp. 44
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg
    & Charles. W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 3Feb69;
    JP12665.

  NUMBER THEORY (Filmstrip) No. 761. Educational Projections Corp. 49
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg
    & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 9Dec69;
    JP12672.

  NUMBERS LESS THAN ZERO (Filmstrip) No. 1251. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196082.

  NUMBERS 0-4. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  NUMBERS 5-9. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  NUMERATION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  NUMERATION SYSTEMS (Filmstrip) No. 736. Educational Projections Corp.
    45 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R.
    Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    1Nov68; JP12659.

  NUMERATION SYSTEMS (Filmstrip) No. 760. Educational Projections Corp.
    43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan H.
    Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    11Nov69; JP12671.

  NURSE'S AIDE. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  NUTRITION: I'LL TRADE YOU MY COOKIE FOR AN ORANGE (Filmstrip)
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 91 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Learning to learn series) With guide. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    30Dec69 (in notice: 1968); JP12494.


                                   O

  OBNOXIOUS OBIE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64; LP38333.

  O'CASEY SCANDAL. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE OCEAN: A NEW FRONTIER (Filmstrip) No. 859. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    A196108.

  THE OCEAN OF AIR. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  OCEANA: AN ISLAND WORLD (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. 47 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (South Pacific geography series) Produced in
    collaboration with Authentic Pictures. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec68;
    JP12467.

  THE ODYSSEY OF DR. PAP. American Cancer Society. Made by Harry Olesker
    Productions. 30 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society,
    Inc.; 6Jun69; LP38170.

  OF FOOD AND LAND. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  OF LIFE AND DEATH. National Funeral Directors Assn. of the U.S. Made
    by Alpha Corp. of America. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National
    Funeral Directors Assn. of the U.S., Inc.; 17Feb70; LP38123.

  OFFICE MACHINES. See

    HOW TO PREPARE A STENCIL USING A TYPEWRITER.

    HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINATED DRAWING BOARD.

  OH, FREEDOM! New York Times Co. & Arno Press. Made by Rediscovery
    Productions. 26 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © New York Times Co. & Arno
    Press; 1Aug70; LP38193.

  OHM'S LAW (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 38 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Automotive technology, M-2B) Planned & written by John Schuster. ©
    Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
    District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12510.

  OLD FRIENDS. See

    BONANZA.

  OLD WITCH GOES TO THE BALL. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  ON A CLEAR DAY YOU CAN SEE FOREVER. Paramount Pictures Corp. 129 min.,
    sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the musical play by Alan Jay
    Lerner. © Paramount Pictures Corp.; 8Jun70; LP38128.

  ON MY WAY TO THE CRUSADES I MET A GIRL WHO. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts.
    93 min., sd., color, 35 mm. A Julia film production. © Warner
    Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 1Sep69 (in notice: 1967); LP38135.

  ON THE JOB BENEFITS. See

    [KEEPING A JOB]

  ON THE LAM WITH THE HAM. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) Appl. ti.: On the lam with ham. © Terrytoons, a division of
    CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice: 1963); LP38368.

  ON WRITING CHEMICAL EQUATIONS. Pt. 1. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. ©
    John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20560.

  ON WRITING CHEMICAL EQUATIONS. REDOX. Pt. 2. John Wiley & Sons. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H.
    Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20553.

  ONCE AND FUTURE KING. See

    CAMELOT.

  THE ONE BETWEEN. Indiana Public Health Foundation. Made by Indiana
    State University Audio-Visual Center. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with I.S.U. Dept. of Health & Safety & Vigo
    County School Corp. © Indiana Public Health Foundation, Inc.;
    20Nov70; MU8249.

  ONE BIG OCEAN. Reinald Werrenrath, Jr. Made by Journal Films. 10 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.; 1Apr70; MP20824.

  ONE DAY'S GROWTH. See

    [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  ONE SMALL STEP FOR MAN. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  ONLY PEOPLE PRODUCE PROFITS. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by
    Visualscope. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Caltex
    Petroleum Corp.; 13Nov70; MU825O.

  OPEN WIDE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38381.

  OPENING A CHECKING ACCOUNT. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  OPENING A SAVINGS ACCOUNT. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  OPENING NEW DOORS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 36 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Developing good work and study habits) Author, Brian James;
    illustrator, Gordon Hart. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166387.

  OPERA WITH HENRY BUTLER. Learning Co. of America. 26 min., sd., color,
    16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38518.

  OPERATION OF THE pH METER, BECKMAN MODEL 72. John Wiley & Sons. 4
    min., si, color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H.
    Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20554.

  OPPORTUNITY AND THE GOOD LIFE. Aerojet-General Corp. 7 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Aerojet-General Corp.; 29Jul69; LP38118.

  OPTOMETRIC ASSISTANT. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  ORAL MEDICATIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  ORAL REPORTS: HOW TO TALK OUT LOUD (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 33
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Developing good work and study habits) Author,
    Anne Brent; illustrator, Herbert Leopold. © Troll Associates;
    6Feb70; A166391.

  ORBIT A LITTLE BIT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38339.

  ORBITAL SHAPES & PATHS. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color. (Space
    technology series) © Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.;
    21Sep70; MU8237.

  ORDEAL OF MAJOR GRIGSBY. See

    THE LAST GRENADE.

  ORGANIZING FOR SALES (Filmstrip) American Training Academy. 58 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Original material, research & direction by James L.
    Miller. Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr67, JP10254. NM: additions &
    revisions. © James L. Miller; 11Feb70; JU12643.

  THE ORIGIN OF THE ALPHABET. See

    OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

  THE ORIGIN OF WRITING. See

    OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

  OSCAR'S BIRTHDAY PRESENT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Astronut) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65;
    LP38427.

  OSCAR'S THINKING CAP. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38424.

  OSMOSIS (Filmstrip) No. 1565. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. ©
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69; A196087.

  OTHER SIDE OF THE CHART. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  OTHER WOMAN. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  OTROS TRABAJADORES DE LA COMUNIDAD. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE (Filmstrip) Cooper Films & Records. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide, 31 p. Contents:
    Peter and the wolf. 32 fr.--Toads and diamonds. 29 fr.--The ugly
    duckling. 42 fr.--The town mouse and the country mouse. 26
    fr.--Pinocchio. 31 fr.--Silly Joe. 28 fr. Illustrated by Carroll E.
    Spinney. © Cooper Films & Records, Inc.; 17Aug70 (1969 in notices on
    filmstrips); A182384.

  OUR COMMUNITY. See

    WHAT IS A COMMUNITY.

  OUR FRIEND THE ROBIN. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20680.

  OUR HERITAGE FROM ANCIENT ROME (Filmstrip) Harcourt, Brace & World. 2
    filmstrips (pt. 1, 92 fr.; pt. 2, 117 fr.), color, 35 mm. (Adventure
    in literature) Appl. author: Guidance Associates of Pleasantville. ©
    Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc.; 19Dec69; JP12421.

  OUR HERITAGE FROM THE PAST. See

    ARAB WORLD AND ISLAM.

    THE BYZANTINE EMPIRE.

    LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.

    LIFE IN THE DARK AGES.

    LIFE IN THE MIDDLE AGES.

    MESOPOTAMIA, CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.

    THE RENAISSANCE.

    SPLENDOR OF ANCIENT GREECE.

    WORLD OF ANCIENT ROME.

  OUR LITERARY HERITAGE (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With filmstrip manual, 24 p. Contents: Pt.
    1-6: The origin of writing. 68 fr.--The origin of the alphabet. 69
    fr.--Classical books and libraries. 60 fr.--Monasticism and the
    book. 63 fr.--The book during the Islamic naissance and European
    Renaissance. 65 fr.--The development and dissemination of printing.
    71 fr. By George & Suzanne Russell. © Educational Filmstrips;
    1Sep70; JP12627.

  OUR TEACHING TASK (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul70; A173130.

  OUTPUT ADMITTANCE--HYBRID. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20929.

  OVER THE HILL TO THE MOON. Teaching Films. 9 min., sd., color. (Space
    technology series) © Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.;
    21Sep70; MU8240.

  OVEREDGING. Pt. 1, job 1: Closing shoulders (Filmstrip) National
    Knitted Outerwear Assn. 149 fr., color, 35 mm. © National Knitted
    Outerwear Assn.; 8Aug69; JP12590.

  THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT. Raster Productions. Released by Columbia
    Pictures. 95 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the play
    by Bill Manhoff. © Raster Productions, Inc.; 1Nov70; LP38197.


                                   P

  PAINT WITH BRUSHES. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

  PAINT YOUR WAGON. Alan Jay Lerner Productions. 164 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Panavision. Produced with Malpaso Co. Based upon the musical
    play. © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Alan Jay Lerner Productions,
    Inc.; 6Oct69; LP38469. (See also Paint your wagon); 9Oct69; LP38115.

  PAINT YOUR WAGON. Alan Jay Lerner Productions. Released by Paramount
    Pictures Corp. 137 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based upon
    the musical play. © Paramount Pictures Corp. & Alan Jay Lerner
    Productions, Inc.; 9Oct69; LP38115. (See also Paint your wagon);
    6Oct69; LP38469.

  PAINTING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 46 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Automotive technology, N-5) Through the cooperation of California
    Department of Education. Planned & written by Sheldon Abbott & Paul
    Wells. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice; Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69;
    JP12527.

  PAINTING PROBLEMS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 36 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Automotive technology, unit N-6) Planned & written by Paul
    Wells; audio-visual production, A. H. Waterman; art, Pam Weaver. ©
    Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
    District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan68; JP12524.

  THE PANTHERS. American Broadcasting Companies. 28 min, sd., color, 16
    mm. (Now) A presentation of ABC News. © American Broadcasting
    Companies, Inc.; 7Apr70; MP20924.

  PAPER SHAPES. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

  PARADE. See

    [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS]

  PARAGRAPHS: HENRY LEARNS SOMETHING NEW (Filmstrip) Troll Associates.
    35 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward
    McCullough; illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 10Jan70;
    A166443.

  PARTS OF SPEECH: UP AND AWAY IN A FLYING BOAT (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language)
    Author, Edward McCullough; illustrator, Karen Tureck. © Troll
    Associates; 14Jan70; A166432.

  PARTY PLANNING. Dart Industries. 13 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Stop and go learning, session 4) © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20619.

  THE PASSION OF ANNA. A. B. Svensk Filmindustri. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 99 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © A. B. Svensk
    Filmindustri; 28Mar70 (in notice: 1969); LP38433.

  EL PATITO FEO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  EL PATITO VALIENTE Y EL VIENTO FRIO DEL NORTE (Filmstrip) S-132.
    Educational Projections Corp. 34 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del
    ingles por Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections Corp.; 23Dec68;
    JP12383.

  PATRIOTIC POETRY BY AMERICAN WRITERS. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  PATTON. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 171 min., sd., color, 70 mm.
    Dimension 150. Based on factual material from Patton: Ordeal and
    triumph, by Ladislas Farago, & A soldier's story, by Omar N.
    Bradley. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.; 30Dec69; LP38179.

  THE PATTY DUKE SHOW. Chrislaw Productions. Canada. Released by United
    Artists Television. Approx. 27 min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © United
    Artists Television, Inc.

    The actress. © 26Nov63; LP38237.

    Are mothers people. © 18Feb64; LP38233.

    Auld lang syne. © 31Dec63; LP38241.

    Christmas present. © 24Dec63; LP38240.

    The con artists. © 25Feb64; LP38234.

    The elopement. © 1Oct63; LP38236.

    Horoscope. © 7Jan64; LP38232.

    The perfect teenager. © 3Mar64; LP38235.

    The princess Cathy. © 17Dec63; LP38239.

    The song writers. © 10Dec63; LP38238.

  PAUL BUNYAN. See

    AMERICAN FOLKLORE.

  PAUL BUNYAN AND HIS BLUE OX. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  PAUL BUNYAN AND HIS GREAT BLUE OX (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41
    fr., color, 35 mm. (American folk heroes and tall tales)
    Illustrator, Gloria Fletcher. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166481.

  PAUL CEZANNE (Filmstrip) Films & Slides. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. © Films
    & Slides; 1Dec61; JP12700.

  PEACE. Todd N. Tuckey. 6 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Todd N. Tuckey;
    31Aug70; MU8231.

  PEACH PLUCKIN' KANGAROO. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38345.

  PECOS BILL. See

    AMERICAN FOLKLORE.

  PECOS BILL AND LIGHTNING (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color,
    35 mm. (American folk heroes and tall tales) Illustrator, Ettie de
    Laczay. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166483.

  PECOS BILL AND THE LONG LASSO, See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  PEEK-A-BOO. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  PEGASUS THE WINGED HORSE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Myths and legends of ancient Greece) Illustrator, Regina
    Fisher. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166490.

  PEOPLE AGAINST ORTEGA. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  PEOPLE PLEASERS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 59
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 17Sep70; JP12538.

  PEOPLE SOUP. Pangloss Productions. Released by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    11 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Pangloss Productions, Inc.; 1Apr70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20551.

  PERCENT (Filmstrip) No. 769. Educational Projections Corp. 39 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 27Feb70; JP12680.

  PERCEPTION. Appleton-Century-Crofts. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Analysis of behavior) Appl. authors: Robert Johnson & Michael Ball.
    © Meredith Corp.; 5Nov70; MP20952.

  PERCHING BIRDS, LARGEST FAMILY OF BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70;
    MP20682.

  PEREGRINE FALCON. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  PERFECT TEENAGER. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  PERFORMA PANTY HOSE. See

    [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  PERFORMANCE OF DOWNCOMERS IN DISTILLATION COLUMNS. Fractionation
    Research. 15 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Fractionation Research, Inc.;
    18Feb70; MP20595.

  PERIODONTAL DISEASE. Teaching Films. 9 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (Prevention & control of dental disease) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 26Oct70; MU8258.

  PERSEUS AND MEDUSA (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Myths and legends of ancient Greece) Illustrator, Regina Fisher. ©
    Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166488.

  PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT. See

    GETTING LOST.

    GOING TO SCHOOL.

    LEARNING TO DO THINGS FOR YOURSELF.

    LEARNING TO HELP OTHERS.

    LEARNING TO LISTEN CAREFULLY.

    WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU VISIT.

  PERSONALITY IN BUSINESS (Filmstrip) No. 422. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    A196144.

  PERU: INCA HERITAGE. Hartley Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Appl. author: Elda Hartley. © Hartley Productions, Inc.; 5Nov70;
    MP2O983.

  PETER AND THE WOLF. See

    OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

  PETER PAN. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  PETS CAN READ. Dade County School B Board. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    © Dade County School Board; 25Aug70; MP20874.

  THE PHARMACIST AND CANCER. American Cancer Society. Made by Campus
    Film Productions. 22 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
    Society, Inc.; 16Apr69; MP20790.

  PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS (Filmstrip)
    General Learning Corp., Early Learning Division. 5 filmstrips (15
    fr. each), color, 16 mm. With Kit. Contents: This is finger
    paint.--This is paint.--These are crayons.--This is paper.--This is
    clay. Prepared in cooperation with Binney & Smith, Inc.; art
    consultant: Margaret Johnson; photographer: John Naso; designed by
    Sara Stein; written by Carol Murdock. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 31Dec69;
    A189588-189592.

  PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES (Filmstrip)
    General Learning Corp., Early Learning Division. 5 filmstrips (15
    fr. each), color, 16 mm. With kit. Contents: Paper shapes.--Crayon
    over, crayon under.--Paint with brushes.--Print with paint.--Putting
    together. Prepared in cooperation with Binney & Smith, Inc.; art
    consultant: Margaret Johnson; photographer: John Naso; designed by
    Sara Stein; written by Carol Murdock. Appl. author: General Learning
    Corp., employer for hire. © General Learning Corp.; 31Dec69;
    A189583-189587.

  PHOTORECEPTION AND FLOWERING. Regents of University of Colorado. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop
    film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents
    of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20755.

  PHOTOSYNTHESIS: THE BIOCHEMICAL PROCESS. Coronet Instructional Films.
    17 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 1Apr70; MP20847.

  THE PHYLA: WHO'S WHO IN THE ANIMAL KINGDOM. Reela Educational Films, a
    division of Wometco Enterprises. Released by Sterling Movies,
    Educational Films Division. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with University of Miami School of Marine & Atmospheric
    Sciences, Dade County Public Schools & Editors of International
    Oceanographic Foundation Publications. © Reela Educational Films
    a.a.d.o. Reela Films, a division of Reela Films Laboratories, Inc.;
    21Jul70; MP20809.

  PHYSICAL FITNESS: SLOW DOWN, I CAN'T KEEP UP (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill
    Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. (Learning
    to learn series) With guide. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69 (in
    notice: 1968); JP12496.

  PHYSIOLOGY FILM SERIES. See

    AORTIC ARCH AND CAROTID SINUS REFLEXES.

    ARTERIAL AND VENOUS BLOODS.

    ARTERIAL AND VENOUS PRESSURES.

    ARTERIAL ELASTICITY AND BLOOD FLOW.

    BLOOD COAGULATION.

    CARBON MONOXIDE POISONING, HYPOHEMOGLOBINEMIC HYPOXIA.

    A CARDIO-INHIBITORY REFLEX IN A DIVING DUCK.

    CEREBROSPINAL FLUID.

    DEFICIENCIES IN THE DECORTICATE PIGEON.

    EFFECTS OF ALTITUDE.

    EXAMPLES OF POSTURAL REFLEXES AND REACTIONS.

    EXPERIMENTS ON THE CONTROL OF BLOOD PRESSURE.

    FUNCTIONS OF THE CEREBELLUM AS REVEALED BY ITS DESTRUCTION IN THE
      PIGEON.

    PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.

    REGULATION OF HEART BEAT IN THE MAMMAL.

    WHAT THE DECORTICATE PIGEON CAN DO.

    WORKING MODEL OF THE THORAX.

  PIE FOR THE PRINCESS. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  PIECE OF LAND. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  PIERRE BONNARD (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Arrangement & text by Carol A. Peterson. © Herbert E.
    Budek Films & Slides; 1Dec67; JP12689.

  PIETRO LORENZETTI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35 mm.
    © Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec65; JP12696.

  THE PIG RUSTLER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38349.

  PILOT/FLIGHT INSTRUCTOR. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  PINCH HITTIN' FOR A PIGEON. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64
    (in notice: 1963); LP38363.

  THE PINK FLAMINGO. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg)
    © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64; LP38331.

  PINOCCHIO. See

    OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

  PIONEER COMMUNITY (Filmstrip) Coronet Films. Made by
    Moreland-Latchford Productions. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With
    Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents: Family life. 47 fr.--Foods. 46
    fr.--Crafts. 46 fr.--Schools & recreation. 46 fr.--Work & trade. 48
    fr.--Farm life. 47 fr. © Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.;
    15Jul70; JP12739.

  PIONEERS: THEIR PLIGHTS AND DELIGHTS (Filmstrip) Ted D. Dawson. 92
    fr., color, 35 mm. A Dawson Films production. © Ted D. Dawson;
    1Dec70; JP12755.

  PLACE VALUE. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  PLANARIA BEHAVIOR. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film.
    Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20757.

  THE PLANET MARS (Filmstrip) No. 201. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44
    fr., color, 35 mm. (A science release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. ©
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69; A196138.

  PLANNING AND BUILDING A SCHOOL. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  PLANNING FOR MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS. Pt. 1-3. International
    Business Machines Corp. 3 reels (pt. 1, 47 min.; pt. 2, 44 min.; pt.
    3, 33 min.), b&w. Videotape (1 in.) © International Business
    Machines Corp.; 1Mar70; MP20781-20783.

  PLANNING THE PRESENTATION (Filmstrip) American Training Academy. 46
    fr., color, 35 mm. Original material, research & direction by James
    L. Miller. Appl. states prev. pub. 26Apr67, JP10229. NM: additions &
    revisions. © James L. Miller; 11Feb70; JU12640.

  PLANT HUNTERS IN PANAMA (Filmstrip) St. Louis Board of Education. 31
    fr., color, 35 mm. © St. Louis Board of Education; 16Oct70 (in
    notice: 1969); JP12684.

  THE PLANTATION SYSTEM, 1790-1850 (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American history) Author, Kenneth
    Brown; illustrator, John Elliott. © Troll Associates; 17Feb70;
    A166400.

  PLYMOUTH: A PILGRIM PLANTATION (Filmstrip) International Film Bureau.
    84 fr., color, 35 mm. © Melvin Brodshaug; 15Jul70 (in notice: 1969);
    JP12762.

  POEMS BY ALFRED, LORD TENNYSON. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  POEMS BY GEORGE GORDON, LORD BYRON. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  POEMS BY ROBERT BURNS. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  POEMS BY WILLIAM WORDSWORTH. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  POE'S SHORT STORIES (Filmstrip) No. 5021. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69;
    A196155.

  POET/PHILOSOPHER. Ben & Abby Grey Foundation. 20 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced in cooperation with Minneapolis College of Art &
    Design. Written & directed by Bettina Corke. © Ben & Abby Grey
    Foundation, Inc. & Minneapolis College of Art & Design; 28Jul70;
    MU8203.

  POLICIA. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  THE POLITICAL PROCESS. McGraw-Hill Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (City-state-federal government series) Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20657.

  POLLUTION (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    Contents: Pt. 1-3: The Great Lakes: history and ecology. 75 fr.--The
    Great Lakes: causes of pollution. 73 fr.--The Great Lakes: results
    of pollution. 79 fr. Prepared by Nancy Genet; technical production,
    Time-Life Photo Lab. NM: compilation. © Time, Inc.; 1Oct70;
    JP12748-12750.

  POLLUTION (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Conservation, saving our environment) Author, Patricia Marshall;
    illustrator, Edward Cochanski. © Troll Associates; 26Jan70; A166417.

  POLYNOMIALS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 40 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Math) Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12515.

  POMPEII (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 2 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With filmstrip manual, 13 p. Contents: Pt. 1-2: Pompeii
    destroyed. 59 fr.--Pompeii revealed. 74 fr. Written & photographed
    by Kenneth & Marjorie Russell. © Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep70;
    JP12626.

  THE POPULARITY PARADE (Filmstrip) No. 424. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 41 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70;
    A196146.

  POPULATION--THE NUMBERS GAME. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  THE PORCUPINE AND HIS COUSINS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20714.

  THE POSTER CAPER. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38362.

  POSTERIOR ASPECT OF THE LEG (CALF) Teaching Films. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (Guides to dissection) © Teaching Films, Inc.,
    division of A-V Corp.; 3Aug70; MU8211.

  POTTING. G.M. 3. Pace Productions. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20640.

  THE POWER OF SOFT-PRESSURE SELLING (Filmstrip) Chrysler Institute,
    Marketing Training Dept. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 52 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Chrysler Corp.; 29Jul70; JP12434.

  POWER STEERING FUNDAMENTALS (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by Ross
    Roy, Inc. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. (Master technicians service
    conference, session no. 70-10) © Chrysler Corp.; 16Jul70; JP12436.

  PRACTICAL APPROACHES TO THE NURSING MANAGEMENT OF THE CANCER PATIENT.
    American Cancer Society. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with WEDU-TV. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 26Sep69;
    MP20890.

  PRACTICAL NURSE. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  PRACTICING GOOD CITIZENSHIP. See

    BE A DANGER FIGHTER.

    A GOOD CITIZEN IN SCHOOL.

    GROWING UP TO BE A GOOD CITIZEN.

    A NEWCOMER COMES TO TOWN.

    RECOGNIZING INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES.

    WHEN TO BE A LEADER, WHEN TO BE A FOLLOWER.

  PRAIRIE. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  [PREFIXES AND SUFFIXES] Set 90 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections
    Corp. 2 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 648-649: Root words and
    prefixes. 33 fr.--Root words and suffixes. 36 fr. Graphics by Donald
    Meares. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Oct67; JP12412.

  PREPOSITIONS AND OTHER PARTS OF SPEECH (Filmstrip) 654. Educational
    Projections Corp. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 15Jul68; JP12417.

  PREVENTION & CONTROL OF DENTAL DISEASE. See

    PERIODONTAL DISEASE.

  THE PREY. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  PREY DETECTION IN THE RATTLESNAKE. Regents of University of Colorado.
    4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films)
    Loop film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. ©
    Regents of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968);
    MP20754.

  PRIMARY ECONOMICS (Filmstrip) Avi Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With Teacher's guide, 1 v. Contents: Daniel's birthday: choosing
    goods and services. 53 fr.--Michael's moon store: producing goods
    and services. 56 fr.--A collar for Patrick: buying goods and
    services. 57 fr.--Adam builds a bank: saving for goods and services.
    56 fr. Writer, Evelyn C. D. Keisman. © Avi Associates, Inc.; 7Dec70;
    JU12712.

  PRIMAVERA LLEGA AL BOSQUE. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  PRINCESS CATHY. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  PRINCIPLES OF ORBIT. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color. (Space
    technology series) © Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.;
    21Sep70; MU8236.

  PRINT WITH PAINT. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

  [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Pro-Tel Products. Approx. 1
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. © Pro-Tel Products, Inc.

    Performa panty hose. June 1970 revision. Appl. states prev. pub.
      10Oct69, MP20456. © 17Aug70; MP20932.

  PROBABILITY (Filmstrip) No. 767. Educational Projections Corp. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 11Mar70; JP12678.

  PROBLEM SOLVING. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.

  PROBLEMS OF CONSERVATION: OUR NATURAL RESOURCES. Encyclopaedia
    Britannica Educational Corp. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Apr70; MP20601.

  PROBLEMS OF THE MIDDLE EAST (REVISED) Atlantis Productions. 22 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: J. Michael Hagopian. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 12Mar59, MP9403. NM: revisions & additions. © Atlantis
    Productions, Inc.; 11Jul67; MP20839.

  PRODUCT DEMONSTRATION. Pt. 1. Dart Industries. 12 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Stop and go learning, session 2) © Dart Industries,
    Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20613.

  PRODUCT DEMONSTRATION. Pt. 2. Dart Industries. 3 min., sd., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Stop and go learning, session 2) © Dart Industries,
    Inc.; 1Oct69; MP20614.

  PRODUCTS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 37 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Math) Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12517.

  THE PROJECTIONIST. Maglan Films. 88 min., sd., color and b&w, 35 mm. ©
    Maglan Films, Inc.; 31Mar70; LP38056.

  PROMETHEUS AND THE GIFT OF FIRE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 41 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Myths and legends of ancient Greece) Illustrator,
    Judith Fringuello. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70; A166487.

  PROPER HOME CARE AND YOU (Filmstrip) Management Forms. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Management Forms, Inc.; 26Mar70; JP12332.

  PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE. Pt. 1, Heart responses to stimuli. Iowa
    State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film
    series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of
    Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21017.

  PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE. Pt. 2, Isolation of the cardiac
    pacemaker. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21018.

  PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE. Pt. 3, Cardiac muscle contrasted with
    skeletal muscle. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21019.

  PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE. Pt. 4, Cardiac response to an artificial
    pacemaker. Iowa State University. 4 min., si., color, 16 mm.
    (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State
    University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21020.

  PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE. Pt. 5, Sino-atrial block in the frog
    heart. Iowa State University. 3 min., si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology
    film series) © Iowa State University a.a.d.o. Iowa State University
    of Science & Technology; 15Oct69; MP21021.

  PROTECTIVE COLORATION--ANIMALS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20720.

  PROTECTIVE COLORATION--BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20719.

  PROTECTORS. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  PROTEINS AND DEAMINATION (Filmstrip) Ward's Natural Science
    Establishment. 82 fr., color, 35 mm. With kit. Author: Robert L.
    Gering; developed by Information Applications. © Ward's Natural
    Science Establishment, Inc.; 1May70; A198785.

  PROTESTIN' PILOT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38378.

  THE PROTON PULSATOR. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38428.

  PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF THE NURSE-FAMILY RELATIONSHIP IN CANCER.
    American Cancer Society, Florida Division. 22 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    Produced in cooperation with WEDU-TV. © American Cancer Society,
    Inc.; 26Sep69; MP20789.

  PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF THE NURSE-PATIENT RELATIONSHIP. American
    Cancer Society, Florida Division. 22 min., b&w, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with WEDU-TV. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 26Sep69;
    MP20788.

  PUBLIC SPEAKING: FUNDAMENTALS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. 2d ed. of Fundamentals of public speaking. ©
    Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    MP20582.

  PUERTO RICO: HISTORY AND CULTURE (Filmstrip) Urban Media Materials. 2
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With manual, 19 1. Contents: Pt. 1-2:
    History. 58 fr.--Culture. 58 fr. Written & photographed by Edward
    Dubrowsky. © Urban Media Materials, Inc.; 15Nov69; A195929.

  PUNCTUATION MARKS: MELVIN MAKES HIS MARK (Filmstrip) Troll Associates.
    39 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward
    McCullough; illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70;
    A166433.

  PUNCTUATION: THERE'S A DRAGON IN MY BACKYARD (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language)
    Author, Edward McCullough; illustrator, Veronica Buffington. © Troll
    Associates; 14Jan70; A166438.

  PUTTING SOUNDS TOGETHER (Filmstrip) 646. Educational Projections Corp.
    31 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Feb68;
    JP12361.

  PUTTING TOGETHER. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.


                                   Q

  [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Quality
    Bakers of America Cooperative. Approx. 60 sec. each unless otherwise
    indicated, sd., color, 16 mm. © Quality Bakers of America
    Cooperative, Inc.

    Brown 'n' serve company touch. © 12Oct70; MP20989.

    Logo. 20 sec. © 6Sep70; MP20986.

    Runaway. © 6Sep70; MP20985.

    Save. 30 sec. © 6Sep70; MP20988.

    Stretching. 30 sec. © 6Sep70; MP20987.

  QUANTITATIVE TRANSFER. Kalmia Co. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia Co.;
    16Oct70; MP20978.

  QUARTER HORSE: THE HORSE AMERICA MADE. C. T. Fuller. 40 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with American Quarter Horse
    Assn. © C. T. Fuller; 7Mar70; MP20597.

  QUE DEBO DE HACER ESTE VERANO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  QUEEN OF THE POOL. See

    AFRICAN FOLK TALES.


                                   R

  R.P.M.*, *REVOLUTIONS PER MINUTE. Columbia Pictures Industries. 91
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
    1Sep70; LP38167.

  RABBIT STEW AND RABBITS TOO! Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. Released by
    Vitaphone Corp. 1 reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (Looney tunes) © Warner
    Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 7Jun69; LP38120.

  RABBITS, HARES AND THEIR ENEMIES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20711.

  RACCOONS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20709.

  RANDY. Guidance Camps. Released by Center for Mass Communication,
    Columbia University Press. 27 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. From the Mental
    Health Training Film Program, Harvard Medical School. Appl. author:
    Edward A. Mason. © Guidance Camps, Inc.; 1Oct70; MP20931.

  RAOUL DUFY (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides. 15 fr., color,
    35 mm. Arrangement & text by Carol A. Peterson. © Budek Films &
    Slides of California (in notice: Herbert E. Budek Films & Slides);
    1Dec67; JP12698.

  RAPUNZEL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Beloved
    fairy tales) By the Brothers Grimm; illustrator, Virginia
    Apostolides. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166412.

  RAT PATROL, Mirisch-Rich Television Productions. Released by United
    Artists Television. Approx. 26 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm.
    Produced in association with Tom Gries Productions. © Mirisch-Rich
    Television Productions.

    The last harbor raid, episode 1. © 9Dec66; LP38140.

  RAT PATROL. Mirisch TV. Released by United Artists Television. Approx.
    26 min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced in Association with Tom
    Gries, Inc. © Mirisch TV, Inc.

    The double jeopardy raid. © 23Jan68; LP38139.

  RATIO (Filmstrip) No. 768. Educational Projections Corp. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg &
    Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 16Mar70; JP12679.

  RATIONAL NUMBERS (Filmstrip) No. 762. Educational Projections Corp. 51
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By Donovan R. Lichtenberg
    & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.; 11Dec69;
    JP12673.

  RATIONAL NUMBERS--DIVISION (Filmstrip) No. 764. Educational
    Projections Corp. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By
    Donovan R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 26Jan70; JP12675.

  RATIONAL NUMBERS--MULTIPLICATION (Filmstrip) No. 763. Educational
    Projections Corp. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 6) By
    Donovan R. Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 11Dec69 (in notice: 1970); JP12674.

  REACTION TO CRISIS (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 102 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12611.

  READING AND COMPARING DATES. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  READING: CRITICISM (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 45 fr., color,
    35 mm. Planned & written by Jerry LaMattery & Blair Ceniceros. © Mt.
    San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District
    (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan70; JP12582.

  READING SKILLS. See

    FIND THE VOWELS.

  READING STORIES: CHARACTERS AND SETTINGS. Coronet Instructional Films.
    11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20579.

  READING STORIES: PLOTS AND THEMES. Coronet Instructional Films. 14
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20578.

  REAR AXLE. Pt. 1: Gears & sounds (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made by
    Ross Roy, Inc. 81 fr., color, 35 mm. (Session 70-12) © Chrysler
    Corp.; 23Sep70; JP12543.

  REAR AXLE. Pt. 2: Diagnosis & service (Filmstrip) Chrysler Corp. Made
    by Ross Roy, Inc. 75 fr., color, 35 mm. (Session 71-1) © Chrysler
    Corp.; 14Oct70; JP12631.

  REBEL DOCTOR. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  REBELLION OF THE BODY. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  RECOGNIZING INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Practicing good citizenship) Author, Anne Brent;
    illustrator, Larissa Lawrynenko. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70;
    A166404.

  RECONSTRUCTION? (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by Blackside. 47
    fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black Americans) With
    Teacher's guide, 18 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70; A178323.

  RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 45 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (History 17-B, 1D) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o.
    Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan68; JP12513.

  RECRYSTALLIZATION. Pt. 1. Kalmia Co. 3 min., si., color. Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia
    Co.; 16Oct70; MP20976.

  RECRYSTALLIZATION. Pt. 2. Kalmia Co. 3 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. Appl. authors: John T. Fitch & Robert M. Fitch. © Kalmia
    Co.; 16Oct70; MP20977.

  THE RED SKELTON HOUR. Van Bernard Productions. Approx. 60 min. each,
    sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Produced in association with CBS-TV
    Network. © Van Bernard Productions, Inc.

    The Boston Pops show. © 25Apr69; LP38138.

    A Christmas story, 1777. Telecast: Dec. 24, 1968. © 19Dec68;
      LP38050.

  REFLECTION OF LIGHT (Filmstrip) No. 202. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Science release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69;
    A196137.

  REGENERATION IN ACETABULARIA. Regents of University of Colorado. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop
    film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents
    of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20756.

  REGISTERED ORTHOTIST. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  REGISTERED PROFESSIONAL NURSE. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  REGLAS DE SEGURIDAD EN LA ESCUELA. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  REGULATION OF HEART BEAT IN THE MAMMAL. Iowa State University. 4 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21002.

  THE RELUCTANT DEPUTY. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS] Sperry Rand Corp.,
    Remington Electric Shaver Division, Approx. 30 sec. each, sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Sperry Rand Corp., Remington Electric Shaver
    Division.

    Instant hair curlers. RM-16-30-69. © 10Nov69; MP20815.

    Introduction to shaving. RM-18-30-69. © 10Nov69; MP20819.

    One day's growth. RM-21-30-70. Appl. ti.: Full day's growth. ©
      30Apr70; MP20818.

    Shaving lesson. RM-19-30-69. © 22Nov69; MP20817.

    Women's legs. RM-20-30-69. © 15Apr70 (in notice: 1969); MP20820.

  REMOTOS COMIENZOS. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.

  THE RENAISSANCE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 45 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Our heritage from the past) Author, Thomas Crawford; illustrator,
    Richard Bober. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70; A166446.

  RENAISSANCE. See

    ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

  RENDEZVOUS. Teaching Films. 12 min., sd., color. (Space technology
    series) © Teaching Films, Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.; 21Sep70;
    MU8239.

  THE REPORT CARD: HOW DOES RICCARDO FEEL? Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (How does it make you
    feel?) © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 28Oct70;
    MP20965.

  REPORTING AND EXPLAINING. Centron Educational Films. 14 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May70; MP20636.

  REPRODUCTION (Filmstrip) No. 208. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 44
    fr., color, 35 mm. (A Science release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. ©
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 4May70; A196131.

  REPUTATION FOR A SONG. See

    MY LOVER, MY SON.

  RESOURCES: USE, MISUSE, RECOVERY AND DISCOVERY (Filmstrip) No. 9013.
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social
    studies release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Dec69; A196098.

  RESPIRATORY CARE. See

    BAG BREATHING.

    CARDIO-PULMONARY RESUSCITATION.

    A CASE STUDY.

    CUFF AND CANNULA.

    REACTION TO CRISIS.

    SUCTIONING.

    VENTILATOR CHECKS.

  RETURN ENGAGEMENT. See

    BONANZA.

  REVERSE VOLTAGE FEEDBACK RATIO--HYBRID. See

    VOLTAGE FEEDBACK RATIO--HYBRID.

  THE REVOLUTIONARY. Pressman Williams Enterprises. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From Hans Koningsberger's
    novel. © Pressman Williams Enterprises, Inc.; 15Jul70; LP38141.

  RICKY'S GREAT ADVENTURE. Atlantis Productions. 10 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Atlantis Productions, Inc.; 15May69; MP20841.

  RIP VAN WINKLE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (American folk heroes and tall tales) A tale by Washington Irving;
    illustrator, Virginia Apostolides. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70;
    A166480.

  RISE OF INDUSTRIAL AMERICA. See

    THE RISE OF THE AMERICAN CITY.

  THE RISE OF THE AMERICAN CITY. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Rise of industrial America) ©
    Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.; 20Aug70 (in notice:
    1969); MP20870.

  RIVER, WHERE DO YOU COME FROM? Learning Co. of America. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38313.

  THE ROBBER BARON CONCEPT (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 29 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (History 17-B) © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt.
    San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto
    College); 1Jan68; JP12520.

  ROBIN GOODHOOD. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 9Sep70; LP38228.

  ROBINSON CRUSOE. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  ROCKETS: HOW THEY WORK. See

    [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES]

  ROCKFORD RIDDLE. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  THE ROLE OF THE PRESIDENT. McGraw-Hill Films. 11 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (City-state-federal government series) Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Ju170; MP20659.

  ROLE OF THE UNION. See

    [KEEPING A JOB]

  THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 442-1--442-4: Trees: Earth's
    largest life forms. 44 fr.--The life cycle of trees. 44 fr.--Trees
    and physical environment. 45 fr.--Trees and living environment. 44
    fr. Author-photographer, Jay Shuler. © Imperial Film Co., Inc.;
    1Dec70; JP12709-12712.

  ROOT GRAFT. N.M. 3. Pace Productions. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20645.

  ROOT WORDS AND PREFIXES. See

    [PREFIXES AND SUFFIXES]

  ROOTS AND STEMS. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  THE ROUND. Wendell O. Washer. 3 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Wendell O.
    Washer; 14Dec70; LU3602.

  ROUNDING NUMBERS (Filmstrip) No. 1246. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With Filmstrip guide,
    5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69; A196077.

  ROYAL SOUTHERN DISMOUNTED POLICE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64
    (in notice: 1963); LP38371.

  RUDOLPH DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.
    Pt. 2. Washington University & American Personnel & Guidance Assn.
    Made by Distinguished Contributors Films. 35 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. (Distinguished contributors to counseling series) Developed in
    cooperation with KETC-TV. © Distinguished Contributors Films, Inc.;
    1Dec69; MP20801.

  THE RUG MAKER: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA. Learning Co. of America. 8 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the book When the stones were soft,
    by Eleanor B. Heady. © Learning Co. of America, division of Columbia
    Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38319.

  RUMPELSTILTSKIN (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Beloved fairy tales) By the Brothers Grimm; illustrator, Virginia
    Apostolides. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166411.

  RUN-TOGETHER SENTENCES (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 22 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (English 51) © Blair Ceniceros; 1Jan67; A189094.

  RUNAWAY. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  RYAN'S DAUGHTER. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 194 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Super Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 29Dec70; LP38482.


                                   S

  SABATA. Pea Produzioni Europee Associate, Rome. Released in the U.S.
    by United Artists Corp. 106 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Techniscope. ©
    Pea Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.; 16Sep69; LF71.

  SAFE AN' INSANE 4TH. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38340.

  A SAFE RIDE IN YOUR SCHOOL BUS. Martin Moyer Productions. 14 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in cooperation with Puget Sound School
    Transportation Supervisors Assn. Appl. author: Martin Moyer. ©
    Martin Moyer Productions; 26Aug70; MP20829.

  SAFETY ON THE JOB. See

    [KEEPING A JOB]

  THE SAGA OF CHARLEY TRUCKLEBUS (Filmstrip) Arkansas Bus & Truck Assn.
    Made by Leavitt Agency. 75 fr., color, 35 mm. © Arkansas Bus & Truck
    Assn., Inc.; 22Jan70; JP12432.

  ST. VALENTINE'S DAY (Filmstrip) 82. Educational Projections Corp. 31
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: Celebrating St. Valentine's birthday.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 30Jun68; JP12403.

  SALES SUPPORT IN ACTION (Filmstrip) Oldsmobile Division. Made by D. P.
    Brother & Co. 38 fr., color, 35 mm. © General Motors Corp.; 25Sep70;
    JU12683.

  SAM, THE TALKING LUNCHBOX. See

    [GETTING TO SCHOOL]

  SANDING. See

    WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

  SANDSTONE COUNTRY: THE CANYONS AND INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST
    (Filmstrip) Clover Park School District 400. 71 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Pub. & distributed by University of Washington Press. Photos by
    Louis Kirk. © Clover Park School District 400; 2Feb70; JP12438.

  SATELLITES: PUTTING SPACE SCIENCE TO WORK. See

    [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES]

  SAVE. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SAVE OL' PINEY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38360.

  SAVING OUR LAND (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Conservation, saving our environment) Author, Dana Todd;
    illustrator, Frank Graham. © Troll Associates; 26Jan70; A166419.

  SAVING OUR WILDLIFE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Conservation, saving our environment) Author, Dana Todd;
    illustrator, Robert Smith. © Troll Associates; 26Jan70; A166420.

  SCARE CURE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38357.

  SCHOOL: DOING THE VERY BEST YOU CAN (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co.
    Made by McGraw-Hill Films. 65 fr., color, 35 mm. (Learning to learn
    series) With guide. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12490.

  SCHOOL MANNERS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Manners are lots of fun) Author, Seth Alexander; illustrator, John
    Schnakenberg. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166477.

  SCHOOLING AND RECREATION. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  SCHOOLROOMS AND THEIR USES. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SCHOOLS. See

    THE CITIES.

  SCHOOLS AND LEARNING. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SCHOOLS & RECREATION. See

    PIONEER COMMUNITY.

  SCHOOLS AROUND THE WORLD. See

    SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS.

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS (Filmstrip) Field Educational
    Publications. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With kit. Contents:
    Schools around the world. 114 fr.--Families around the world. 84
    fr.--Neighborhoods around the world. 89 fr. Ruth H. Grossman & John
    U. Michaelis, advisors. © Field Educational Publications, Inc.;
    26Sep69; A161860.

  SCHOOLS IN THE UNITED STATES. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SCHOOLS OF THE PAST. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE. School series (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book
    Co. Made by McGraw-Hill Films & University Films. 8 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: Why we have schools. 35 fr.--Schools of the
    past. 47 fr.--Planning and building a school. 42 fr.--Schools in the
    United States. 42 fr.--Special days at school. Appl. ti.: Special
    days in school. 43 fr.--Schools around the world. 41 fr.--Schools
    and learning, 40 fr.--Schoolrooms and their uses. 36 fr. ©
    McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 30Dec69; JP12470-12477.

  SCIENCE AND INDUSTRY. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  SCIENCE FRICTION. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38370.

  SCOTLAND (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 73 fr., color, 35 mm.
    With Filmstrip manual, 7 p. Written & photographed by Kenneth &
    Marjorie Russell. © Educational Filmstrips; 1Apr70; JP12431.

  SCREAM AND SCREAM AGAIN. American International Productions (England)
    Released by American International Pictures. 94 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. From the novel The disorientated man, by Peter Saxon. © American
    International Productions (England) Ltd.; 11Feb70 (in notice: 1969);
    LP38183.

  THE SCULPTURE OF AFRICA (Filmstrip) Clover Park School District 400.
    62 fr., color, 35 mm. Pub. & distributed by University of Washington
    Press. Photos by Louis Kirk. © Clover Park School District 400;
    2Feb70; JP12437.

  THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips. 3
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Pt. 1-3: The kingdom of Benin.
    73 fr.--The Congo region. 92 fr.--The equatorial region. 83 fr.
    Technical production, Time-Life Photo Lab. NM: compilation. © Time,
    Inc.; 1Oct70; JP12751-12753.

  SEA OF SECURITY. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  SEARCHING FOR ANSWERS: WHAT? WHY? HOW. See

    I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.

  SEASONS. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  SECOND. See

    TIME STUDY SERIES.

  SECRET WORLD. Productions Fox Europa & Films du Siecle. 111 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. © Productions Fox Europa & Films du Siecle; 9Jul69;
    LP38326.

  SECRETS OF THE PIRATE'S INN, PT. 1 & 2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  SEE THE U.S.A. See

    NEW ENGLAND'S HERITAGE TRAIL.

  THE SEED PLANTS (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 8 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 19 p. Contents: The major kinds. 45
    fr.--Their uses. 46 fr.--Roots and stems. 50 fr.--Leaves and their
    work. 46 fr.--How flowers make seeds. 45 fr.--Seeds and their
    dispersal. 49 fr.--How they sprout and grow. 45 fr.--Their
    adaptations. 46 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 31Dec69; JP12453.

  SEEDING. G.M. 1. Pace Productions. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20638.

  SEEDS AND THEIR DISPERSAL. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  SEEING BRAZIL (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents: Land and people.
    55 fr.--Farming and ranching. 56 fr.--Industry and trade. 56
    fr.--History and culture. 58 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Apr70; JP12455.

  SEEING, HEARING, SPELLING (Filmstrip) 198. Educational Projections
    Corp. 32 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    31May67; JP12373.

  SEGURIDAD AL PASEARSE EN BICICLETA. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  SEGURIDAD EN EL JUEGO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  SELECTED POEMS BY AMERICAN WRITERS. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  SELECTED POEMS BY BRITISH WRITERS. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  SELECTING A JOB (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2 filmstrips
    (2010-A, 58 fr.; 2010-B, 47 fr.), color, 35 mm. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 15May69; JP12352.

  SELECTIONS FROM PRAIRIE, BY CARL SANDBURG. See

    A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

  THE SEMINOLES OF THE SOUTH (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 43 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (American Indians and how they really lived) Author,
    Dana Todd; illustrator, Robert Smith. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70;
    A166458.

  SENDING MONEY TO THE FAMILY. See

    [HANDLING FINANCES]

  SENTENCE FRAGMENTS (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33 fr., color,
    35 mm. © Blair Ceniceros; 1Jan67; A189095.

  SENTENCES: A SILLY DAY WITH CECIL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 31
    fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward
    McCullough; illustrator, Kathleen McGee. © Troll Associates;
    14Jan70; A166434.

  SETTLING THE WEST (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents: The
    trail blazers. 65 fr.--The miners. 53 fr.--Wagon trains to
    railroads. 54 fr.--The cattlemen. 49 fr.--The farmers. 48
    fr.--Growth of towns and cities. 51 fr. © Coronet Instructional
    Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 23Jul70; JP12448.

  THE SEVENTIES: DECADE FOR DECISION (Filmstrip) New York Times Co. 72
    fr., b&w, 35 mm. (Filmstrip on current affairs, Oct. 1970) With
    Discussion manual, 1 v. © New York Times Co.; 1Oct70; A178461.

  SHAMROCK AND ROLL. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. Released by Vitagraph. 1
    reel, sd., color, 35 mm. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 28Jun69;
    LP38105.

  SHAVING LESSON. See

    [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SHELLFISH & TUBEWORMS. See

    UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT.

  SHIVER, GOBBLE AND SNORE. See

    WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS.

  SHOBEN - STUDENT UNREST: THE CLIMATE OF PROTEST. See

    E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR. - STUDENT UNREST: THE CLIMATE OF PROTEST.

  THE SHOOTING GALLERY. Kralky Film. Released by Sim Production. 5 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Morton Schindel. © Sim Production;
    1Sep70; LP38299.

  SHORE BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20707.

  SHORT STORY SHOWCASE. See

    A DISCUSSION OF FRANK STOCKTON'S THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.

    THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.

  SHOW BIZ. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  SHOW BIZ WHIZ. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38361.

  SHRIEK OF SILENCE. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  SHRINKING METAL (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 34 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Automotive technology) Planned & written by Paul Wells. © Mt.
    San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District
    (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12531.

  SICILIAN CLAN. See

    LE CLAN DES SICILIENS.

  THE SILENCE AT STILLWATER. See

    BONANZA.

  SILKEN THREADS AND SILVER HOOKS. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  SILLY JOE. See

    OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

  SIMILARITY. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson Films. 1 reel, si., color,
    Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics program) Loop film. ©
    Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP21023.

  SIMONE MARTINI (Filmstrip) Herbert E. Budek. 15 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Herbert E. Budek; 1Dec65; JP12704.

  SIMPLE MACHINES. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  SIMPLE TECHNIQUES IN SHAPING GLASS. Centron Educational Films. 9 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1May70; MP20635.

  SINGER EDUCATION & TRAINING PRODUCTS. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  SINO-ATRIAL BLOCK IN THE FROG HEART. See

    PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.

  THE SIX-POSITION PRESENTATION (Filmstrip) Dodge Division, Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 76 fr., color, 35 mm. © Chrysler Corp.;
    23Sep70; JP12544.

  SIX SERVANTS. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  SIX SIMPLE MACHINES (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 38 fr., color, 35
    mm. (How does it work and what does it look like?) Author, Marian
    Frances; illustrator, Steven Kellogg. © Troll Associates; 26Jan70;
    A166409.

  60 MINUTES. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min. each, sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    v.1, no.

    17. Telecast: June 10, 1969. © 9Jun69; MP20842.

    18. Telecast: June 24, 1969. © 23Jun69; MP20843.

  SKUNK FAMILIES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20733.

  SKYSCRAPER CAPER. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. Released by Vitagraph. 1
    reel, sd., color, 35 mm. (Looney tunes) © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts,
    Inc.; 9Mar68; LP38116.

  SLAVERY IN AMERICA (Filmstrip) Silver Burdett Co. Made by Blackside.
    66 fr., color, 35 mm. (Studies in the history of black Americans)
    With Teacher's guide, 19 p. © Blackside, Inc.; 17Jul70; A178316.

  SLEEPY STORY, SH SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  SMOKE, PT. 1 & 2. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  SMOKING: PETE ENNIS DOESN'T SMOKE YET. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    Produced in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 16Nov70; MP20916.

  SMOOTHING AND SHAPING. See

    WOODWORKING -- STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

  SNACK TIME. Coca-Cola Co. 60 sec., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. author:
    Keitz & Herndon, Inc. © Coca-Cola Co.; 1Jul70; MP20648.

  SNAKES OF NORTH AMERICA. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20661.

  SNOW WHITE AND ROSE RED. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  SO THE REPLACEMENT IS RIGHT! Timken Co. Made by Jam Handy Productions,
    div. of T.T.P. Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Timken Co.;
    6Jul70; MU8208.

  SOFT PHRASE OF PEACE. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  SOFTWOOD CUTTINGS. G.M. 4. Pace Productions. 3 min., sd., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20641.

  SOLAR RADIATIONS (Filmstrip) No. 681. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (An Earth science release) With Filmstrip
    guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69; A196124.

  SOLDIER'S STORY. See

    PATTON.

  SOLUTION OF SALTS: THE VARIATION OF SOLUBILITY WITH TEMPERATURE. Dept.
    of Chemistry, Ohio State University. 12 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. (Experimental general chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T.
    Lippincott, W. Robert Barnard & Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State
    University, Dept. of Chemistry (in notice: Ohio State University);
    18Sep70; MP20963.

  SOLVING RADICAL EQUATIONS (Filmstrip) No. 1189. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Apr70;
    A196120.

  SOME KIND OF A NUT. Mirisch-DFI-T.F.T. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 89 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-DFI-T.F.T.; 24Sep69;
    LP38113.

  SOMETHING TO CROW ABOUT. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy
    Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in
    notice: 1963); LP38374.

  SOMETIMES I WONDER WHO I AM. Liane Brandon. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. ©
    Liane Brandon; 8Sep70; MU8229.

  SOMETIMES I WONDER, PT. 1-2. See

    [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS]

  SONG WRITERS. See

    THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

  SONORAN DESERT. See

    NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.

  SOPHOCLES' ANTIGONE (Filmstrip) No. 5024. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Literature release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 7 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196152.

  THE SOUND OF LETTERS (Filmstrip) 645. Educational Projections Corp. 36
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 25Nov67;
    JP12362.

  SOUND VARIATIONS (Filmstrip) 647. Educational Projections Corp. 35
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Feb68;
    JP12360.

  SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents:
    Lorenzo of Bolivia. 50 fr.--Cesar and Carlos of Peru. 50 fr.--Victor
    of the Amazon. 48 fr.--Mariano and Lucho of Ecuador. 50 fr.--Mario
    and Jonas of Brazil. 50 fr.--Jose of the pampa. 49 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 9Jun70; JP12329.

  SOUTH PACIFIC GEOGRAPHY SERIES. See

    ANTARCTICA: WASTELAND OR RESOURCE.

    AUSTRALIA: INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION.

    AUSTRALIA: THE LAND AND ITS PRODUCTS.

    NEW ZEALAND: PROSPERITY BASED ON TRADE.

    OCEANA: AN ISLAND WORLD.

  SOUTH SEA ISLAND LIFE: THE DOLPHIN HUNTERS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 19 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1May70; MP20792.

  SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAMILIES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents:
    Navajo. 53 fr.--Zuni. 52 fr.--Apache. 51 fr.--Hopi. 51 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 28Jan70; JP12451.

  SPACE. Coca-Cola Co. 60 sec., sd., color, 35 mm. Appl. author: Keitz &
    Herndon, Inc. © Coca-Cola Co.; 1Jul70; MP20649.

  SPACE COWBOY. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Astronut) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 21Jul65; LP38422.

  SPACE INVITATION. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38377.

  [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES] (Filmstrip) Centron Educational
    Films. 4 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's manual, 56 p., 8
    reading monographs & 4 worksheets. Contents: Space: what it is. 43
    fr.--Rockets: how they work. 44 fr.--Astronauts: sailor scientists
    of space. 50 fr.--Satellites: putting space science to work. 44 fr.
    © Centron Corp., Inc.; 12May70; JP12502.

  SPACE TECHNOLOGY SERIES. See

    ENERGY IN ORBIT.

    FLIGHT TO THE PLANETS.

    ORBITAL SHAPES & PATHS.

    OVER THE HILL TO THE MOON.

    PRINCIPLES OF ORBIT.

    RENDEZVOUS.

  SPACE: WHAT IT IS. See

    [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES]

  SPACECRAFT IN THE SOLAR SYSTEM (Filmstrip) No. 204. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Science release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70;
    A196135.

  [SPANISH PROGRAM. Unit 4] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 7
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: S-125. Ayudantes para nuestra
    casa. 29 fr.--S-152. El policia. 29 fr.--S-153. El bombero. 29
    fr.--S-126. Ayudantes para nuestra escuela. 31 fr.--S-154. Otros
    trabajadores de la comunidad. 31 fr.--S-135. Una visita al medico.
    30 fr.--S-136. Una visita al dentista. 32 fr. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 15Nov68 (in notice for S-152: 1969); JP12375.

  [SPANISH PROGRAM. Unit 5] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 5
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: S-118. Yendo a la escuela con
    seguridad. 30 fr.--S-119. Las reglas de seguridad en la escuela. 30
    fr.--S-197. La seguridad en el juego. 30 fr.--S-198. La seguridad al
    pasearse en bicicleta. 30 fr.--S-120. Los tres chivos gruff. 29 fr.
    Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 1Dec68; JP12376.

  [SPANISH PROGRAM. Unit 6] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: S-194. Un dia en el parque
    zoologico. 36 fr.--S-141. Usando el telefono. 30 fr.--S-151. Como
    manejar el dinero. 31 fr.--S-133. El patito feo. 34 fr. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 31Dec68; JP12379.

  [SPANISH PROGRAM. Unit 7] (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 7
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: S-113. Lo que el otono significa
    para nosotros. 29 fr.--S-130. Lo que el invierno significa para
    nosotros. 29 fr.--S-131. Los animales en el invierno. 31 fr.--S-160.
    Lo que la primavera significa para nosotros. 28 fr.--S-161. La
    primavera llega al bosque. 29 fr.--S-190. Lo que el verano significa
    para nosotros. 29 fr.--S-196. Que debo de hacer este verano? 29 fr.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 31Dec68; JP12374.

  SPARE THAT TREE. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38373.

  SPECIAL DAYS AT SCHOOL. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SPECIAL DAYS IN SCHOOL. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC STUDY OF COMPLEX IONS. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio
    State University. 15 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental
    general chemistry) Appl. authors: W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert
    Barnard & Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio State University, Dept. of
    Chemistry (in notice: Ohio State University); 9Oct70; MP20958.

  SPECTROSCOPY. Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio State University. 13 min., sd.,
    color, Super 8 mm. (Experimental general chemistry) Appl. authors:
    W. T. Lippincott, W. Robert Barnard & Richard T. Yingling. © Ohio
    State University, Dept. of Chemistry (in notice: Ohio State
    University); 9Oct70; MP20956.

  SPEECH: CONCLUSION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 41 fr., color,
    35 mm. Planned & written by Clifford Sumrall. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan70; JP12587.

  SPEECH 1-A. See

    EYE CONTACT.

  SPEECH SKILLS: USING YOUR VOICE EFFECTIVELY. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20583.

  SPELLING: HOW SPELLING ALMOST RUINED MUDVILLE'S LITTLE LEAGUE
    (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (New adventures
    in language) Author, Edward McCullough; illustrator, Isabel Ericson.
    © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166431

  SPELLING PROBLEMS (Filmstrip) 199. Educational Projections Corp. 32
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Feb68;
    JP12372.

  SPELLING RULES (Filmstrip) 200. Educational Projections Corp. 36 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Nov67; JP12371.

  SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences. Made by
    Gerrit C. Zwart & Chester F. Protheroe. 41 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Fundamentals of biology, roll B-108) Rev. & edited by Ellsworth R.
    Johnson; drawings & lettering by Helen Smith Zwart. © Gerrit C.
    Zwart; 2Jan70; A187645.

  SPINY-SKINNED ANIMALS. See

    UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT.

  SPIRIT DUPLICATION. See

    HOW TO OPERATE THE SPIRIT DUPLICATOR.

  SPIROMETRY: EARLY DETECTION OF CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE.
    National Tuberculosis & Respiratory Disease Assn. Made by Wexler
    Films. 24 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Oregon Tuberculosis & Health
    Assn.; 25May68; MP20780.

  SPLENDOR OF ANCIENT GREECE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 48 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Victoria Chapman;
    illustrator, Richard Bober. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70; A166453.

  SPONDYLOLYSIS: LUMBAR NEURAL ARCH. Anton & Associates. 700 ft., sd.,
    color. (Milestones in medicine) Appl. author: Anita J. Anton. ©
    Anton & Associates; 29Oct70; MU8255.

  A SPOOKY TALE FOR HALLOWEEN (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Let's celebrate holidays) Author, Thomas Crawford;
    illustrator, Michael Furey. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166474.

  SPREAD CENTERING USING THE BACK SPACING METHOD. See

    BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING.

  SPREAD CENTERING USING THE MATH METHOD. See

    BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING.

  SPRINGTIME AND BIRTH IN THE ROCKIES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20721.

  SQUIRREL ACTIVITIES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20686.

  STALKER. See

    BONANZA.

  STAMPS. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  STARR OF GREEN BAY. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  STATE SERVICES. McGraw-Hill Films. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm.
    (City-state-federal government series) Produced by McGraw-Hill
    Text-Films in collaboration with Vision Associates. Appl. author:
    McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20656.

  STATISTICS FOR PETROLEUM ENGINEERS. American Institute of Mining,
    Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers. 19 motion pictures (13 1-hr.
    reels & 6 10-min. reels), sd. Videotape (1/2 in.) Appl. author:
    Society of Petroleum Engineers of A.I.M.E. © American Institute of
    Mining, Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers, Inc.; 5Aug70; MU8224.

  STAYING HEALTHY. See

    [DAILY PROBLEMS]

  STEEL. Computer Image Corp. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author:
    Les Weisbrich. © Computer Image Corp.; 15Jul70; MP20888.

  STEERING GEOMETRY (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 35 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Automotive technology, E-2A) Planned & written by Sheldon
    Abbott. © Mt. San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior
    College District (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69;
    JP12511.

  STEP. Steelcase. Made by Jam Handy Productions, div. of T.T.P. Corp.
    13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Steelcase, Inc.; 6Jul70; MU8204.

  STEVE'S HOME IS A LIGHTHOUSE. Echo Kilo Productions. 19 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Edmund Katz; 16Jul70; MP20650.

  STOP AND GO LEARNING. See

    DATING.

    DELIVERY.

    GAMES AND INTRODUCTORY REMARKS.

    PARTY PLANNING.

    PRODUCT DEMONSTRATION.

    TABLE SHOPPING.

  STOP AND GO LEARNING FOR TUPPERWARE DEALERS. Dart Industries. 8 min.,
    sd., color, Super 8 mm. © Dart Industries, Inc.; 10ct69; MP20609.

  STOPOVER. See

    THE VIRGINIAN.

  STORIES ABOUT SHAPES (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 4
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Filmstrip guide, 11 p. Contents: A
    new shape for Freddy. 44 fr.--Triangles everywhere. 45 fr.--The lost
    rectangle. 45 fr.--A circle in the sky. 45 fr. © Coronet
    Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.; 8Jun70; JP12330.

  STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS. Set 3 (Filmstrip)
    Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co. 6 filmstrips, color, 35mm.
    With Teacher's guide, 94 p. Contents: Timmy Teakettle, s sound. 40
    fr.--Little bee, z sound; Three lively puppies, y sound. 38 fr.--The
    lost lullaby, l sound. 38 fr.--The curious, furious lion, r sound.
    39 fr.--The sleepy story, sh sound. 36 fr.--Little Choo-Choo, ch
    sound. 33 fr. Produced in collaboration with EMC Corp. Author,
    Louise Binder Scott. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 15Jul70; A181376.

  STRAIGHT SAWING. See

    WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

  STRANGE HOLIDAY. Mass-Brown Pictures Corp. 75 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Freely adapted from Jules Verne's novel Deux ans en vacance. ©
    Mass-Brown Pictures Corp.; 18Dec69; LP38133.

  STRANGE PARTNERS: SYMBIOSIS IN THE SEA. Reela Films, a division of
    Wometco Enterprises. 11 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with University of Miami Institute of Marine Sciences,
    Dade County Public Schools & Editors of International Oceanographic
    Foundation Publications. Appl. states prev. reg. 5May69, MU8048. ©
    Reela Films; 15Sep69 (in notice: 1968); MP20626.

  STRANGE ROCK AND LAND FORMATIONS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20689.

  THE STRAWBERRY STATEMENT. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 102 min., sd., color,
    35 mm. Based on The Strawberry statement: Notes of a college
    revolutionary, by James Kunen. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 6May70;
    LP38101.

  STREAMING BIREFRINGENCE. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley &
    Sons, Inc.; 18Jul69; MP20557.

  STRETCHING. See

    [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  STRUCTURE, FUNCTION AND FEEDING BEHAVIOR IN HERONS. Regents of
    University of Colorado. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single
    topic inquiry films) Loop film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences
    Curriculum Study. © Regents of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in
    notice: 1968); MP20752.

  STUB GRAFT. N.M. 2. Pace Productions. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20644.

  STUCK DUCK. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38355.

  STUDIES IN THE HISTORY OF BLACK AMERICANS. See

    AFRICAN ANCESTRY.

    BLACK PARTICIPATION IN THE CIVIL WAR.

    THE BLACK REVOLUTION.

    BLACK VIEWPOINTS ON THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.

    BROADENING PERSPECTIVES.

    THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT.

    FREDERICK DOUGLASS.

    JIM CROW AND THE PROGRESSIVES.

    RECONSTRUCTION.

    SLAVERY IN AMERICA.

  A STUDY OF FROG DEVELOPMENT. Regents of University of Colorado. 4
    min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop
    film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents
    of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20759.

  A STUDY OF OAK POPULATIONS. Regents of University of Colorado. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry films) Loop film.
    Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum Study. © Regents of
    University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice: 1968); MP20764.

  SUBCUTANEOUS AND INTRADERMAL INJECTIONS. See

    ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

  SUBJECTS AND PREDICATES--NOUNS AND VERBS (Filmstrip) 650. Educational
    Projections Corp. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections
    Corp.; 20Dec67; JP12413.

  SUBMARINES AT WILLOW RUN. Anchor Conveyors. Made by Video Films. 11
    min., si., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Ted Hegelman. © Video Films,
    Inc.; 27Aug70; MU8230.

  SUBTRACTION. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  SUBTRACTION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS. Macmillan Co. Made by Davidson
    Films. 1 reel, si., color, Super 8 mm. (Macmillan school mathematics
    program) Loop film. © Macmillan Co.; 31Dec69; MP20773.

  SUCCESSION ON LAVA. Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 14
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational
    Corp.; 22Jul70; MP20770.

  SUCTIONING (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 136 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12617.

  SUGAR IN TODAY'S WORLD. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 2Feb70; MP20567.

  SUMMERTIME GRAZING AND WORKING. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20722.

  SUNDAY SCHOOL PROGRAM 1970-71 (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul70; A173138.

  SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK WITH FOUR'S AND FIVE'S (Filmstrip) Broadman Films.
    50 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. NM: additions & revisions. ©
    Broadman Films; 1Jul70; A173137.

  SUNRISE. See

    [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  SUPPORTING SERVICES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) Appl. ti.: Supporting services in the Civil War. ©
    Educational Direction, Inc.; 22Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12716.

  SUPPORTING SERVICES (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 48 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) With Teacher's guide, 41 p. Morris Gall, general
    editor; Alexander M. Butman, associate editor. © Educational
    Direction, Inc.; 27Feb70 (in notice: 1969); JP12727.

  SURFACING BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20706.

  SURGERY OF SENILE CATARACT: INTRACAPSULAR CRYOEXTRACTION. Teaching
    Films. 14 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cataract surgery series) ©
    Teaching Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 23Jul70; MU8217.

  SURGERY OF SENILE CATARACT: OVERALL STUDY OF DETAILS. Teaching Films.
    15 min., sd., color, 16 mm. (Cataract surgery series) © Teaching
    Films, Inc., division of A-V Corp.; 23Jul70; MU8216.

  SURGICAL TECHNICIAN. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  SURVEY OF THE PRIMATES. Appleton-Century-Crofts. Made by Meredith
    Corp. 1 reel, sd., color, 16 mm. Presented in cooperation with the
    San Diego Zoological Society. Appl. author: Duane M. Rumbaugh &
    others. © Meredith Corp.; 25Sep70; MP20902.

  THE SURVIVAL FACTOR: DEFENSE MECHANISMS IN THE SEA. Reela Educational
    Films, a division of Wometco Enterprises. 13 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Produced in cooperation with University of Miami School of
    Marine & Atmospheric Sciences, Dade County Public Schools & Editors
    of International Oceanographic Foundation Publications. © Reela
    Educational Films a.a.d.o. Reela Films, a division of Reela Film
    Laboratories, Inc.; 18Sep70; MP20940.

  SURVIVAL IN WINTER. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20724,

  SURVIVAL ON THE PRAIRIE. NBC News. 59 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © NBC
    News, a division of National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 2Feb70;
    MP20622.

  SWALLOWS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20681.

  SYMBIOSIS (Filmstrip) No. 1572. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 42 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (A Biology release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. ©
    Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 4May70; A196094.

  SYNTHETIC GIANT MOLECULES (Filmstrip) No. 687. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Chemistry release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 4May70;
    A196130.

  SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: ELECTRICITY (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Films &
    University Films. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (Community series) Appl.
    author: McGraw-Hill Book Co. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.; 25Apr69; JP12419.


                                   T

  TABLE SHOPPING. Dart Industries. 10 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    (Stop and go learning, session 2) © Dart Industries, Inc.; 1Oct69;
    MP20615.

  TAGGING ANIMALS FOR STUDY--CONSERVATION. Troll Associates. 4 min.,
    si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70;
    MP20672.

  TAKING A TEST (Filmstrip) 355. Educational Projections Corp. 35 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 30Sep67; JP12367.

  TARASCAN MEXICO (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 2 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. With manual, 16 p. Contents: Michoacan: Land of the
    Tarascans. 59 fr.--Heritage of Tarascan life. 57 fr. Written &
    photographed by Sidney & Mary Lee Nolan. © Educational Filmstrips;
    1Apr70; JP12420.

  A TASTE OF MONEY. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 24Jun70; LP38111.

  TEA FOR THREE. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  TEACHER'S PET. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  TEACHING BIBLE SEARCHERS (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Oct70; A200923.

  TEACHING FOURS AND FIVES (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 45 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1May70; A173131.

  TEACHING TWOS AND THREES (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 45 fr., color, 35
    mm. Revised. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Jul70; A173136.

  TECHNICAL DRAFTING. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  TECHNICAL WRITERS. See

    A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

  TECHNIQUES: TITRATION OF AN ACID WITH A BASE. Centron Educational
    Films. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Apr70 (in
    notice: 1969); MP20631.

  TECHNIQUES: USE OF VOLUMETRIC GLASSWARE. Centron Educational Films. 8
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Centron Corp., Inc.; 1Apr70 (in notice:
    1969); MP20632.

  TEDDY'S NEW FRIENDS. See

    [GETTING TO SCHOOL]

  TELEPHONE. See

    USE OF THE TELEPHONE.

  TELL ME A STORY (Filmstrip) Taylor Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With kit. Contents: TA-1--TA-4: The old witch goes to the ball;
    from the book by Ida DeLage. 64 fr.--Pie for the princess; from the
    book by Bee Lewi. 64 fr.--Weeny Witch; from the book by Ida DeLage.
    64 fr.--Captain Abner and Henry Q.; from the book by Elizabeth &
    Carl Carmer. 62 fr. Appl. author: Stanford E. Taylor. NM: additions
    & new composition. © Taylor Associates; 27Mar70; A203735.

  TELL ME A STORY (Filmstrip) Taylor Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With kit. Contents: TA-5--TA-8: Paul Bunyan and his blue ox;
    from the book by Adele DeLeeuw. 62 fr.--John Henry, steel drivin'
    man; from the book by Adele DeLeeuw. 61 fr.--Pecos Bill and the long
    lasso; from the book by Elizabeth & Carl Carmer. 61 fr.--Bob Bodden
    and the good ship Rover; from the book by Elizabeth Coatsworth. 64
    fr. Appl. author: Stanford E. Taylor. NM: additions & new
    compositions. © Taylor Associates; 14May70; A203736.

  TELL ME A STORY (Filmstrip) Taylor Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With kit. Contents: TA-9--TA-12: Jimmy and Joe find a ghost. 58
    fr.--Jimmy and Joe catch an elephant. 63 fr.--Jimmy and Joe get a
    hen's surprise. 67 fr.--Jimmy and Joe look for a bear. 63 fr. From
    the books by Sally Glendinning. Appl. author: Stanford E. Taylor.
    NM: additions & new composition. © Taylor Associates; 29Jun70;
    A203737.

  TELL ME A STORY (Filmstrip) Taylor Associates. 4 filmstrips, color, 35
    mm. With kit. Contents: TA-13--TA-16: Big Mose, hero fireman; from
    the book by Harold W. Felton. 59 fr.--Tony Beaver, griddle skater;
    from the book by Elizabeth & Carl Carmer. 55 fr.--Windwagon Smith;
    from the book by Edna Shapiro. 64 fr.--Mike Fink and the big turkey
    shoot; from the book by Elizabeth & Carl Carmer. 64 fr. Appl.
    author: Stanford E. Taylor. NM: additions & new composition. ©
    Taylor Associates; 31Aug70; A203734.

  TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME, JUNIE MOON. Sigma Productions. Released by
    Paramount Pictures Corp. Based on Marjorie Kellogg's novel. © Sigma
    Productions, Inc.; 31Dec69; LP38096.

  TELL TOO MUCH. See

    [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  TEMPORAL PATTERNS OF ANIMAL ACTIVITY. Regents of University of
    Colorado. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. (BSCS single topic inquiry
    films) Loop film. Appl. author: Biological Sciences Curriculum
    Study. © Regents of University of Colorado; 1Jul69 (in notice:
    1968); MP20749.

  TENNIS BALLS. See

    HOT DOG. No. 6.

  TERRIFIC TRAFFIC. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. (Deputy Dawg) ©
    Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64 (in notice:
    1963); LP38341.

  TEXTFILM. See

    BASIC READING.

  TEXTURE IN MUSIC (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 38 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Music, unit 6) Planned & written by Dr. Stoddard. © Mt. San
    Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in
    notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12508.

  THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA (Filmstrip) Visual Sciences.
    Made by Gerrit C. Zwart & Chester F. Protheroe. 39 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Fundamentals of biology, roll B-107) Rev. & edited by Ellsworth
    R. Johnson; drawings & lettering by Helen Smith Zwart. © Gerrit C.
    Zwart; 2Jan70; A187644.

  THEIR ADAPTATIONS. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  THEIR HANDICRAFTS. See

    AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

  THEIR HISTORY. See

    AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

  THEIR HOMES. See

    AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

  THEIR LIFE TODAY. See

    AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

  THEIR RELIGIONS. See

    AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

  THEIR USES. See

    THE SEED PLANTS.

  THEORY. See

    COLORIMETRIC ANALYSIS WITH THE SPECTRONIC 20.

  THERE'S NO BUSINESS LIKE NEW BUSINESS. Caltex Petroleum Corp. Made by
    Visualscope. 11 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Caltex
    Petroleum Corp.; 13Nov70; MU8252.

  THESE ARE CRAYONS. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.

  THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 44 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Myths and legends of ancient Greece) Illustrator, Regina
    Fisher. © Troll Associates; 3Feb70; A166486.

  THEY CALL ME MISTER TIBBS. Mirisch Productions. Released by United
    Artists Corp. 108 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the character
    created by John Ball. © Mirisch Productions, Inc.; 8Jul70; LP38114.

  THING NOT OF GOD. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  THINGS THAT BOUNCE (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (New insights) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Virginia Barton.
    © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166468.

  THINGS THAT FALL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 37 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (New insights) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Richard Bresnan.
    © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166465.

  THINGS THAT FLOAT (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 35 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (New insights) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Ettie de Laczay.
    © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166467.

  THINGS THAT FLY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 36 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (New insights) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. ©
    Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166469.

  THINGS THAT ROLL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 33 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (New insights) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Helen Muller. ©
    Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166466.

  THINGS THAT STICK (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 33 fr., color, 35 mm.
    (New insights) Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Charles
    Churchward. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166470.

  THIS DAY'S CHILD. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  THIS IS CLAY. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.

  THIS IS FINGER PAINT. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.

  THIS IS PAINT. See

    PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.

  THIS IS PAPER. See PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING
    MATERIALS.

  THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION. Group 1-2 (Filmstrip) Society for Visual
    Education. 8 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. (Singer education & training
    products) With Teacher's guide and reading script, 4 v. Contents:
    A294-1--A294-8: The land and climate of the Soviet Union. 51
    fr.--Urban centers and historical background. 50 fr.--Housing in the
    Soviet Union. 49 fr.--Agriculture in the Soviet Union. 51
    fr.--Schooling and recreation. 54 fr.--Science and industry. 47
    fr.--Transportation and communication. 56 fr.--Marketing and
    merchandising. 46 fr. Co-authors: Murray Lincoln Miller, Paul J.
    Brand & Henry K. Zalucky. © Society for Visual Education, Inc.;
    25Feb70; A172653.

  THREE DAUGHTERS. See

    GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.

  THREE LIVELY PUPPIES, Y SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  THREE'S A CROWD. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THUMBELINA, A HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN TALE. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20909.

  THYROID CANCER: DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT. American Cancer Society. Made
    by Aegis Productions. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer
    Society, Inc.; 10Oct69; LP38171.

  TIME. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.

  TIME AND MONEY. See

    MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.

  TIME OF YOUR LIFE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  TIME STUDY SERIES (Filmstrip) McGraw-Hill Book Co. Made by McGraw-Hill
    Films. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: The hour. 41 fr.--The
    half-hour and quarter hour. 43 fr.--The minutes. 42 fr.--Hours and
    minutes. 36 fr.--The second. 34 fr.--Comparisons. 38 fr. Produced in
    collaboration with Golt Educational Materials. © McGraw-Hill, Inc.;
    30Dec69; JP12484-12489.

  TIME TO LAUGH, A TIME TO CRY. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  TIMMY TEAKETTLE, S SOUND. See

    STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

  TITRATION. John Wiley & Sons. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. Appl. author: Wendell H. Slabaugh. © John Wiley & Sons, Inc.;
    18Jul69; MP20558.

  TO CATCH A MEAL: FEEDING IN THE SEA. Reela Films, a division of
    Wometco Enterprises. 13 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Produced in
    cooperation with University of Miami Institute of Marine &
    Atmospheric Sciences, Dade County Public Schools & Editors of
    International Oceanographic Foundation Publications. Appl. states
    prev. reg. 11Aug69, MU8073. © Reela Films; 15Sep69; MP20627.

  TO FEED THE HUNGRY. Harris Communications. Made by WTTW. 59 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © WTTW & Harris Communications, Inc.; 12Jan70;
    MP20883.

  TO SAVE A LIFE. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  TO STAND FOR SOMETHING MORE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  TO STOP A WAR. See

    BONANZA.

  TOADS AND DIAMONDS. See

    OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

  TOADS, FROGS AND SALAMANDERS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20664.

  TOBACCO: HARMFUL SUBSTANCE, DEADLY HABIT (Filmstrip) Avi Associates.
    86 fr., color, 35 mm. © Avi Associates, Inc.; 10Jul70; JP12758.

  THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) © Educational Direction, Inc.; 22Jan70 (in notice:
    1969); JP12718.

  THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 49 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) With Teacher's guide, 41 p. Morris Gall, general
    editor; Alexander M. Butman, associate editor. © Educational
    Direction, Inc.; 27Feb70 (in notice: 1969); JP12729.

  TOLTECAS. See

    LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.

  TONY BEAVER, GRIDDLE SKATER. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  TONY JACKLIN CONQUERS HAZELTINE. See

    THE U.S. OPEN: TONY JACKLIN CONQUERS HAZELTINE.

  TOO MANY CHIEFS. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  TOOTHPASTE. See

    HOT DOG. No. 4.

  TORA! TORA! TORA! Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. 143 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the book by Gordon W. Prange &
    The Broken seal, by Ladislas Farago. © Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp.; 30Sep70; LP38329.

  TORNADO ON JUNE 1, 1970, IN JERSEY COUNTY, ILLINOIS. Russell D. Baze.
    21 sec., si., color, 8 mm. © Russell D. Baze; 30Jul70; MU8219.

  TOWARD IMPROVING COMPUTATION. Lesson 1-10. California State Dept. of
    Education. Made by Valley Instructional Television Assn. & KVIE-6.
    10 motion pictures (30 min. each), sd., b&w, 16 mm. © California
    State Dept, of Education; 6Dec69; MP20934.

  TOWN MOUSE AND THE COUNTRY MOUSE. See

    OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

  THE TRAIL BLAZERS. See

    SETTLING THE WEST.

  TRAIL OF THE HUNTER. W. A. B. Motion Picture Productions. 91 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © W. A. B. Motion Picture Productions, Inc.;
    13Jan70; MP21022.

  TRAIL TO NEVERMORE. See

    THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.

  TRANSISTOR BIASING. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20876.

  TRANSPLANTING. G.M. 2. Pace Productions. 4 min., sd., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20639.

  TRANSPORTATION AND COMMUNICATION. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  THE TRANSPORTATION REVOLUTION: STORY OF AMERICA'S GROWTH. Learning Co.
    of America. 21 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Learning Co. of America,
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 2Nov70; LP38316.

  EL TRANSPORTE ES IMPORTANTE (Filmstrip) S-174. Educational Projections
    Corp. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Jan69 (in notice: 1968); JP12395.

  TREES AND LIVING ENVIRONMENT. See

    THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT.

  TREES AND PHYSICAL ENVIRONMENT. See

    THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT.

  TREES: EARTH'S LARGEST LIFE FORMS. See

    THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT.

  TREES FOR ARBOR DAY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 40 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Let's celebrate holidays) Author, Helen Allen; illustrator,
    Mary Graham. © Troll Associates; 8Jan70; A166475.

  TRES CHIVOS GRUFF. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  TRIAL OF A MAFIOSO. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  TRIANGLES EVERYWHERE. See

    STORIES ABOUT SHAPES.

  TRIPPING OUT (Filmstrip) Donald C. Stolberg. 92 fr., color, 35 mm. ©
    Donald C. Stolberg; 1Dec70; JP12743.

  TROPIC OF CANCER. Tropic Film Corp. Released by Paramount Pictures
    Corp. 88 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From Henry Miller's novel. ©
    Tropic Film Corp. & Paramount Pictures Corp.; 19Feb70; LP38198.

  TROUBLE WITH AMY. See

    BONANZA.

  TRUMPETER SWAN. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20699.

  TRUSTS. See

    INTRODUCTION TO TRUSTS.

  TUBES AND TRANSISTORS COMPARED. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20875.

  TURTLES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop film.
    © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20662.

  THE 21ST CENTURY. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 30 min. each,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    What are we doing to our world? pt. 1. Telecast: Mar. 16, 1969. ©
      15Mar69; MP20651.

    What are we doing to our world? pt. 2. Telecast: Mar. 23, 1969. ©
      22Mar69; MP20652.

  TWO FOR THE SEA, PT. 1 & 2. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  TWO O'CLOCK FEEDING. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  THE 220 BLUES. King Screen Productions. 18 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    King Broadcasting Co.; 4Dec70; MP20998.

  TYPE FACTORING (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 35 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Math) Planned & written by Victor Burgard. © Mt. San Jacinto
    College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (in notice:
    Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; JP12514.


                                   U

  THE U.S. OPEN: TONY JACKLIN CONQUERS HAZELTINE. United States Golf
    Assn. 33 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A Golf House film. © United States
    Golf Assn.; 28Aug70; LP38196.

  UGLY DUCKLING. See

    OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

  UNDERGROUND. Brighton Pictures. Released by United Artists Corp. 100
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Brighton Pictures, Inc.; 9Sep70; LP38230.

  UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT (Filmstrip) Imperial Film Co. 4 filmstrips,
    color, 35 mm. Contents: 447-1--447-4: Living corals. 47
    fr.--Spiny-skinned animals. 47 fr.--Fish in their environment. 48
    fr.--Shellfish & tubeworms. 46 fr. Author-photographer, Jackson
    Fraser. © Imperial Film Co., Inc.; 1Dec70; JP12705-12708.

  UNDERWATER LIFE IN STREAMS AND PONDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20701.

  UNREST AND DISSENT (Filmstrip) No. 420. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With Filmstrip guide, 5
    p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 3Nov69; A196142.

  UNSOLVED PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS (Filmstrip) No. 1186. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70
    (in notice on teaching guide: 1969); A196117.

  UNTHINKING MAN. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  UP IS DOWN. Morton Goldsholl Design Associates. 6 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Goldsholl & Associates a.a.d.o. Morton Goldsholl Design
    Associates, Inc.; 29Apr70 (in notice: 1969); LP38253.

  UPJOHN VANGUARD OF MEDICINE. See

    CLINICAL APPLICATIONS OF LASERS.

  URBAN CENTERS AND HISTORICAL BACKGROUND. See

    THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

  URBAN REDEVELOPMENT (Filmstrip) No. 9018. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 4May70;
    A196103.

  URBANIA! ADM Film Productions. Released by Thorne Films. 7 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © ADM Film Productions, Inc.; 1Jun70 (in notice:
    1967); MP20545.

  USANDO EL TELEFONO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  USE OF THE TELEPHONE (Filmstrip) Fort Snelling Master Training Center.
    2 filmstrips (pt. 1, 114 fr.; pt. 2, 106 fr.); color, 35 mm. ©
    Snelling & Snelling, Inc.; 15Dec68, JP12533; 15Jan69, JP12532.

  USING A DICTIONARY (Filmstrip) 357. Educational Projections Corp. 33
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1May67; JP12365.

  USING A LIBRARY (Filmstrip) 359. Educational Projections Corp. 34 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Graphic supervisor, Edward Bodler, Jr. © Educational
    Projections Corp.; 30Nov67; JP12409.

  USING MUSIC WITH CHILDREN (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr., color,
    35 mm. With manual, 1 v. NM: additions & revisions. © Broadman
    Films; 1Jul70; A173132.

  USING NUMBER PAIRS (Filmstrip) No. 746. Educational Projections Corp.
    46 fr., color, 35 mm. (Mathematics, level 4) By Donovan R.
    Lichtenberg & Charles W. Engel. © Educational Projections Corp.;
    18Apr69; JP12669.

  USING OUR LANGUAGE: MODIFIERS. Coronet Instructional Films. 14 min.,
    sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 5Jan70; MP20581.

  USING REFERENCE BOOKS (Filmstrip) 358. Educational Projections Corp.
    43 fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 1May67 (in
    notice: 1968); JP12364.

  USING REFERENCE MATERIALS (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 37 fr., color,
    35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward McCullough;
    illustrator, Veronica Buffington. © Troll Associates; 10Jan70;
    A166439.

  USING THE CASE STUDY IN TEACHING AND TRAINING (Filmstrip) Broadman
    Films. 52 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of
    the same title by LeRoy Ford. Original illus. by LeRoy Ford,
    interpreted by Joe McCormick. NM: additions & revisions. © Broadman
    Films; 2Jan70; A173135.

  USING THE LECTURE IN TEACHING AND TRAINING (Filmstrip) Broadman Films.
    52 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. Based on the book of the
    same title by LeRoy Ford. Original illus. by LeRoy Ford, interpreted
    by Doug Dillard. NM: additions & revisions. © Broadman Films;
    2Jan70; A173134.

  USING THE WANT ADS (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2
    filmstrips (2005-A, 60 fr.; 2005-B, 49 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 30Dec68 (In notice for 2005-B: 1969);
    JP12357.


                                   V

  THE VALENTINE MYSTERY (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 38 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Let's celebrate holidays) Author, Seth Alexander; illustrator,
    James Morrow. © Troll Associates; 5Jan70; A166472.

  THE VALLEY OF GWANGI. Warner Bros.-Seven Arts. 95 min., sd., color, 35
    mm. Dynamation. © Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.; 1Jun69; LP38136.

  VARDA, THE PEREGRINE FALCON. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  VARIATION (Filmstrip) Mt. San Jacinto College. 33 fr., color, 35 mm.
    Planned & written by Victor Burgard. Appl. ti.: Variations. © Mt.
    San Jacinto College a.a.d.o. Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District
    (in notice: Mt. San Jacinto College); 1Jan69; A163015.

  VENTILATOR CHECKS, I (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 163 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12629.

  VENTILATOR CHECKS, II (Filmstrip) Decision Media. 153 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Respiratory care) © Decision Media, Inc.; 14Sep70; JP12613.

  VERBS (Filmstrip) 651. Educational Projections Corp. 37 fr., color, 35
    mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 20Dec67; JP12414.

  VERBS: A STRANGE NEW BROTHER (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 29 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (New adventures in language) Author, Edward
    McCullough; illustrator, Dodie O'Keefe. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70;
    A166442.

  A VERY DIFFERENT WORLD. Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young
    University. 29 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Presented by the Primary
    Children's Hospital Volunteer Auxiliary. © Brigham Young University,
    Motion Picture Dept.; 18May70; LP38252.

  VI-DRAPE OB PACK. Parke, Davis & Co. Made by Jam Handy Productions,
    div. of T.T.P. Corp. 3 min., si., color, 16 mm. © Parke, Davis &
    Co.; 6Jul70; MU8207.

  VICTOR OF THE AMAZON. See

    SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.

  THE VIRGINIAN. Universal City Studios. Released by MCA-TV. Approx. 80
    min. each, sd., color, 35 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Universal City Studios, Inc.

    Crime wave in Buffalo Springs. © 29Jan69; LP38478.

    The dark corridor. © 27Nov68; LP38479.

    Death wait. © 15Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38476.

    Stopover. © 8Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38477.

  UNA VISITA A UN PUEBLITO (Filmstrip) S-176. Educational Projections
    Corp. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 24Feb69; JP12397.

  UNA VISITA A UNA GRANJA (Filmstrip) S-175. Educational Projections
    Corp. 30 fr., color, 35 mm. Traducido del ingles por Carlos Rivera.
    © Educational Projections Corp.; 1Feb69 (in notice: 1968); JP12396.

  VISITA AL DENTISTA. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  VISITA AL MEDICO. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY (Filmstrip) Educational Filmstrips. 9
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: Coleridge: Kubla Khan. 39
    fr.--Patriotic poetry by American writers. 60 fr.--Poems by Alfred,
    Lord Tennyson. 56 fr.--Poems by George Gordon, Lord Byron. 51
    fr.--Poems by Robert Burns. 68 fr.--Poems by William Wordsworth. 52
    fr.--Selected poems by American writers. 67 fr.--Selected poems by
    British writers. 70 fr.--Selections from Prairie, by Carl Sandburg.
    63 fr. Appl. authors: Kenneth Russell & Marjorie Russell. ©
    Educational Filmstrips; 1Sep70; JP12621.

  VITAMINS FROM FOOD. Dairy Council of California. Made by Wexler Films.
    20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Dairy Council of California; 20Sep68;
    MP20826.

  [VOCABULARY BUILDING] Set 50 (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp.
    3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. Contents: 402-404: The importance of
    vocabulary. 34 fr.--Developing a good vocabulary. 33 fr.--Words and
    their background. 37 fr. Graphic supervisor, Edward Bodler, Jr. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 25May67; JP12411.

  VOLTAGE FEEDBACK RATIO--HYBRID. T. M. Adams. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. Appl. ti.: Reverse voltage feedback ratio--hybrid.
    © T. M. Adams; 1Sep70; MP20927.

  VOLVOX: STRUCTURE, REPRODUCTION AND DIFFERENTIATION IN V. CARTERI (HK
    9 AND 10) Indiana University Audio-Visual Center. 25 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © Indiana University; 28May70 (in notice: 1969);
    MP20637.

  VRAHNAS DEMON. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.


                                   W

  WUSA. Mirror Productions. Released by Paramount Pictures Corp. 114
    min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. Based on the novel A Hall of
    mirrors, by Robert Stone. © Paramount Pictures Corp., Coleytown
    Productions, Inc. & Stuart Rosenberg Productions, Inc.; 19Aug70;
    LP38418.

  WAGON TRAINS TO RAILROADS. See

    SETTLING THE WEST.

  A WALK IN THE PARK. Inquiry. Made by King Screen Productions. 19 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Theodore Richard Spiegel. ©
    Inquiry, Inc.; 27Jul70; LP38190.

  A WALK IN THE WOODS. Joan Davis. 5 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Joan
    Davis; 8Sep70; MU8233.

  THE WALKING STICK. Winkast Film Productions. Released by
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 102 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Panavision. ©
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 19Feb70; LP38131.

  THE WALL THAT MARK AND TOM BUILT. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  WAPITI, AMERICAN ELK. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20677.

  WAR. Computer Image Corp. 1 min., sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Les
    Weisbrich. © Computer Image Corp.; 29Jul70; MP20889.

  WAR AND PIECES. Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng. Released by United Artists
    Corp. 7 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © Mirisch-D.F.; 20Sep70; LP38229.

  THE WAR ON THE WATER (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 46 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) Appl. ti.: The Civil war on the water. © Educational
    Direction, Inc.; 22Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12717.

  THE WAR ON THE WATER (Filmstrip) Educational Direction. Made by
    Technifax Education Division. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (The Civil War
    as it happened) With Teacher's guide, 41 p. Morris Gall, general
    editor; Alexander M. Butman, associate editor. Appl. ti.: The Civil
    War on the water. © Educational Direction, Inc.; 27Feb70 (in notice:
    1969); JP12728.

  WARD CLERK, HOSPITAL. See

    [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]

  THE WARDEN'S APPRENTICE. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  WARDEN'S POND. See

    GENTLE BEN.

  WASHING THE WEARABLES: A GUIDE TO HOME LAUNDERING (Filmstrip) Clorox
    Co. 53 fr., color, 35 mm. With guide, 1 v. © Clorox Co.; 15Sep70;
    JP12623.

  WASHINGTON, D.C. (Filmstrip) Coronet Instructional Films. 6
    filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With User's guide, 19 p. Contents: The
    city and how it grew. 50 fr.--The Capitol and its history. 54
    fr.--The White House and its history. 50 fr.--The government at
    work. 47 fr.--Its museums and libraries. 53 fr.--Its monuments and
    memorials. 53 fr. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 31Dec69; JP12454.

  WASHINGTON, D.C. (Filmstrip) International Film Bureau. 4 filmstrips
    (84 fr. each), color, 35 mm. Contents Pt. 1-4: The Capitol and
    vicinity.--The White House and environs.--Embassy Row and northwest
    Washington.--Georgetown, Arlington and Mount Vernon. Appl. ti.: Mt.
    Vernon, Georgetown, Arlington and suburbs. © Melvin Brodshaug;
    15Jul70 (in notices: 1969); JP12763-12766.

  WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY (Filmstrip) 81. Educational Projections Corp. 31
    fr., color, 35 mm. Appl. ti.: Celebrating Washington's birthday. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 30Jun68; JP12402.

  WATER. Water Conditioning Division of Morton Salt Co. Made by
    Cavalcade Productions. 27 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Morton Salt
    Co.; 1May70 (in notice: 1969); MP20803.

  WATER AND ITS MANY FACES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super
    8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20693.

  WATER ANIMALS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20705.

  WATER BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20703.

  WATER -- CLEAR AND OTHERWISE. See

    ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.

  WATER POLLUTION: CAN WE KEEP OUR WATER CLEAN? Journal Films. 12 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Mrs. Reinald Werrenrath, Jr. ©
    Reinald Werrenrath, Jr.; 15Oct70; MP20936.

  WAVES AND PULSES (Filmstrip) No. 683. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Physics release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p.
    © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 5Jan70; A196126.

  WE DISCOVER EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS. Coronet Instructional Films. 13
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 16Jul70; MP20912.

  WE DISCOVER FRACTIONS. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20904.

  WE DO, WE DO. Saint Francis Productions. 12 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis Productions; 1Sep70;
    MP20833.

  WE GO TO SCHOOL. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16
    mm. 2d ed. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Jul70; MP20907.

  WE THE PEOPLE. Aerojet-General Corp. 10 min., sd., color, 16 mm. ©
    Aerojet-General Corp.; 29Jul69; LP38119.

  WE USE THE NUMBER LINE. Coronet Instructional Films. 10 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 1Jun70; MP20903.

  WE WAS TOO FEW. Cheryl Metcalf. 1 reel, sd., b&w. Videotape. © Cheryl
    Metcalf; 19Nov70; LU3599.

  WEASELS, SKUNKS AND BADGERS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20710.

  WEATHER. See

    MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

  WEEK. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  THE WEEKEND. Saint Francis Productions. 16 min., sd., color, 16 mm. A
    Teleketics presentation. © Saint Francis Productions; 1Sep70;
    MP20834.

  WEENY WITCH. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  A WELL-BALANCED INDIVIDUAL (Filmstrip) Educational Projections Corp. 2
    filmstrips (2033-A, 47 fr.; 2033-B, 45 fr.), color, 35 mm. ©
    Educational Projections Corp.; 30Apr70; JP12346.

  WHALE. See

    GREAT NOVELS AND THEIR AUTHORS.

  THE WHALE HUNTERS OF FAYAL. National Broadcasting Co. 51 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. © National Broadcasting Co., Inc.; 31Jan70; MP20970.

  WHALES: ECOLOGY -- THE VANISHING GIANTS (Filmstrip) Life Filmstrips.
    79 fr., color, 35 mm. Prepared by Nancy Genet; technical production,
    Time-Life Photo Lab. NM: compilation. © Time, Inc.; 1Jun70; JP12745.

  WHAT ABOUT DRUGS? (Filmstrip) No. 418. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    45 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With Filmstrip guide, 5
    p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69; A196140.

  WHAT ABOUT THAD? Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young University.
    Released by Primary Assn. of the Church of Jesus Christ of
    Latter-Day Saints. 20 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Brigham Young
    University; 29Apr70; LP38166.

  WHAT ARE PARDNERS FOR. See

    BONANZA.

  WHAT ARE WE DOING TO OUR WORLD? PT. 1 & 2. See

    THE 21ST CENTURY.

  WHAT DID YOU DO TODAY, GRANDPA. See

    MY THREE SONS.

  WHAT DOES AN OPINION POLL MEAN? (Filmstrip) No. 9017. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Apr70;
    A196102.

  WHAT HARVEST FOR THE REAPER. National Educational Television & Radio
    Center. 60 min., sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Appl. ti.: No harvest
    for the reaper. © National Educational Television & Radio Center;
    29Jan68; MP20742.

  WHAT I DID LAST NIGHT YOU'LL NEVER GUESS. Mike Mikos & Eric Farber. 12
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Mike Mikos & Eric Farber; 1Apr70; LU3597.

  WHAT IS A BIRD. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20668.

  WHAT IS A CARNIVORE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20669.

  WHAT IS A COMMUNITY? Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp. 17
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. 2d ed. Appl. states prev. reg. & pub. as
    Our community, 23Apr52; M2392. © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 13Oct70; MP20967.

  WHAT IS A FLOWER. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20691.

  WHAT IS A HERBIVORE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20670.

  WHAT IS A MAMMAL. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20666.

  WHAT IS A REPTILE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20667.

  WHAT IS A TREE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm. Loop
    film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20692.

  WHAT IS AN ECOSYSTEM. See

    THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY.

  WHAT IS AN INSECT? Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20779.

  WHAT IS AN INVERTEBRATE. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8
    mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20671.

  WHAT IS ECOLOGY. See

    THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY.

  WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT? Berven Carpets Corp. 1 reel, color, 16 mm. ©
    Berven Carpets Corp.; 27Jul70; MU8200.

  WHAT NEXT. See

    [HOW DO I LEARN]

  WHAT NUMBER PROPERTIES SIGNIFY (Filmstrip) No. 1188. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70;
    A196119.

  WHAT THE DECORTICATE PIGEON CAN DO. Iowa State University. 7 min.,
    si., color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21015.

  WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU FAIL (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 36 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Developing good work and study habits) Author, Louise
    Jacobsen; illustrator, Gordon Hart. © Troll Associates; 6Feb70;
    A166395.

  WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU VISIT (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 34 fr., color,
    35 mm. (Personal development) Author, Seth Alexander; illustrator,
    Gordon Hart. © Troll Associates; 14Jan70; A166463.

  WHAT'S THE PRICE OF A PAIR OF EYES. See

    THE BOLD ONES.

  WHEN HAIR CAME TO MEMPHIS. Scripps-Howard Broadcasting Co. 54 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. © Scripps-Howard Broadcasting Co.; 24Jul70;
    MU8214.

  WHEN IS ZERO? Teaching Films. 22 min., sd., color. © Teaching Films,
    Inc., subsidiary of A-V Corp.; 21Sep70; MU8244.

  WHEN THE STONES WERE SOFT. See

    THE RUG MAKER: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA.

  WHEN TO BE A LEADER, WHEN TO BE A FOLLOWER (Filmstrip) Troll
    Associates. 37 fr., color, 35 mm. (Practicing good citizenship)
    Author, Bertha Sickels; illustrator, Kay Chorao. © Troll Associates;
    6Feb70; A166406.

  WHEN YOU GET SICK. See

    [DAILY PROBLEMS]

  WHICH WAY WISDOM? Lutheran Film Associates. 34 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. © Lutheran Film Associates; 8Sep70; MP20921.

  WHIP GRAFT. N. M. 4. Pace Productions. 3 min., sd., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Pace Productions, Inc.; 22May70; MP20646.

  THE WHITE CANE. See

    MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

  WHITE HOUSE AND ENVIRONS. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  WHITE HOUSE AND ITS HISTORY. See

    WASHINGTON, D.C.

  WHO REALLY DISCOVERED AMERICA? (Filmstrip) No. 855. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social studies release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 1Sep69;
    A196104.

  WHO THEY ARE. See

    AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.

  WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 30
    min. each, sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
    Back on the road with Charles Kuralt. © 14Jan69; MP20844.

  WHO'S AFRAID. See

    [HOW DO I LEARN]

  WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS; or, Shiver, Gobble and Snore. Stephen Bosustow
    Productions. Released by Learning Corp. of America. 7 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Adapted from the book by Marie Winn. Appl. ti.: Why we
    have laws: Shiver, Gobble and Snore. © Learning Co. of America, a
    division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 18Nov70; LP38470.

  WHY PEOPLE HAVE SPECIAL JOBS: THE MAN WHO MADE SPINNING TOPS. Stephen
    Bosustow Productions. Released by Learning Corp. of America. 7 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. Adapted from the book by Marie Winn. © Learning
    Co. of America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.;
    18Nov70; LP38471.

  WHY WE HAVE LAWS: SHIVER, GOBBLE AND SNORE. See

    WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS.

  WHY WE HAVE SCHOOLS. See

    SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.

  WHY WE HAVE TAXES: THE TOWN THAT HAD NO POLICEMAN. Stephen Bosustow
    Productions. Released by Learning Corp. of America. 7 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. Adapted from the book by Marie Winn. © Learning Co. of
    America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 18Nov70;
    LP38472.

  WHY WE USE MONEY: THE FISHERMAN WHO NEEDED A KNIFE. Stephen Bosustow
    Productions. Released by Learning Corp. of America. 10 min., sd.,
    color, 35 mm. Adapted from the book by Marie Winn. © Learning Co. of
    America, a division of Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.; 18Nov70;
    LP38473.

  WILD ANIMAL BABIES. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20735.

  THE WILD COUNTRY. Walt Disney Productions. Released by Buena Vista
    Distribution Co. 100 min., sd., color, 35 mm. Based on the book
    Little britches, by Ralph Moody. © Walt Disney Productions; 31Jul70;
    LP38244.

  WILD GEESE CALLING. See

    THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

  THE WILD MONKEES. See

    THE MONKEES. 42.

  WILD SEPTEMBER SNOW. New Zealand National Film Unit. Released by
    United Artists Corp. 17 min., sd., color, 35 mm. © New Zealand
    National Film Unit; 11Sep70 (in notice: 1969); MP20951.

  WILD, WILD WAGENS. Volkswagen of America. Made by Marathon
    International Productions. 8 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © Marathon
    International Productions, Inc.; 1Aug70; MP20802.

  THE WILD, WILD WEST. Columbia Broadcasting System. Approx. 60 min.
    each, sd., color, 16 mm. Appl. author: Garrison Productions, Inc. ©
    Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.

    Night of Miguelito's revenge. © 6Dec68; LP38165.

    Night of the avaricious actuary. © 3Dec68; LP38248.

    Night of the big blackmail. © 20Sep68; LP38159.

    Night of the bleak island. © 7Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38156.

    Night of the camera. © 22Nov68; LP38164.

    Night of the cossacks. © 14Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38157.

    Night of the diva. © 1Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38155.

    Night of the doomsday formula. © 27Sep68; LP38160.

    Night of the Egyptian queen. © 8Nov68; LP38162.

    Night of the fire and brimstone. © 15Nov68; LP38163.

    Night of the fugitives. © 1Nov68; LP38161.

    Night of the gruesome games. © 22Oct68; LP38246.

    Night of the Janus. © 7Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38153.

    Night of the Juggernaut. © 8Oct68; LP38245.

    Night of the Kraken. © 29Oct68; LP38247.

    Night of the pelican. © 26Dec68: LP38289.

    Night of the pistoleros. © 14Feb69 (in notice: 1968); LP38154.

    Night of the plague. © 27Mar69 (in notice: 1968); LP38158.

    Night of the Sabatini death. © 30Jan70 (in notice: 1968); LP38152.

    Night of the Sedgewick curse. © 11Oct68; LP38288.

    Night of the Spanish curse. © 3Jan69 (in notice: 1968); LP38149.

    Night of the tycoons. © 4Apr69 (in notice: 1968); LP38286.

    Night of the winged terror, pt. 1. © 10Jan69 (in notice: 1968);
      LP38150.

    Night of the winged terror, pt. 2. © 17Jan69 (in notice: 1968);
      LP38151.

  THE WILDLIFE OF RANGER RICK. National Wildlife Federation. Made by Hal
    Marc Arden & Co. 32 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Wildlife
    Federation, Inc.; 20Jun70; MP20923.

  WILLA CATHER, REBEL FROM RED CLOUD (Filmstrip) Perfection Form Co. 132
    fr., color, 35 mm. (American pageant writers) © Perfection Form Co.;
    15Mar70; JP12641.

  WINDS AND AIR CURRENTS (Filmstrip) No. 205. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (a Science release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196134.

  WINDSHIELD WIPERS, FUNDAMENTALS AND DIAGNOSIS (Filmstrip) Chrysler
    Corp. Made by Ross Roy, Inc. 85 fr., color, 35 mm. (Session no.
    70-11) © Chrysler Corp.; 21Aug70; JP12446.

  WINDWAGON SMITH. See

    TELL ME A STORY.

  THE WINNERS. American Cancer Society. Made by Audio Productions. 8
    min., sd., color, 16 mm. © American Cancer Society, Inc.; 4Dec68;
    LP38178.

  WINTER COMES TO THE CITY. Coronet Instructional Films. 11 min., sd.,
    b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire,
    Inc.; 12Jan70; MP20584.

  WINTER ON CUMBRES. See

    DENVER AND RIO GRANDE NARROW GUAGE OVER CUMBRES.

  WINTERTIME WAITING AND FOOD SEARCHING. Troll Associates. 4 min., si.,
    color, Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20723.

  THE WISDOM OF WILDNESS (Filmstrip) Guidance Associates of
    Pleasantville, N.Y., a division of Harcourt, Brace & World. 107 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. Based on the essay of the same title by Charles A.
    Lindbergh. Director of photography, William Hubbell; editor,
    Margaret Thompson. © Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc.; 5Nov69; JP12605.

  WITHOUT A STITCH. A/S Palladium [Denmark] Released in the U.S. by VIP
    Distributors. 96 min., sd., color, 35 mm. From a novel by Jens
    Bjørneboe. Appl. author: Annelise Meineche. © A/S Palladium;
    26Sep68; LF67.

  THE WITNESS. See

    BONANZA.

  WIZARD OF OZ. See

    FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

  WOMEN'S LEGS. See

    [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  WOMAN'S SHIRT. See

    [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

  THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY. Walt Disney Productions. Approx. 60
    min. each, sd., color, 16 mm. Produced with the NBC-TV Network. ©
    Walt Disney Productions.

    1969-1970 series.

    Disneyland showtime. © 22Mar70; LP38305.

    The feather farm. © 26Oct69; LP38307.

    Inky, the crow. © 7Dec69; LP38308.

    Menace on the mountain, pt. 1. Based on the book by Mary A. Hancock.
      © 1Mar70; LP38310.

    Menace on the mountain, pt. 2. Based on the book by Mary A. Hancock.
      © 8Mar70; LP38311.

    My dog, the thief, pt. 1. Based on a story by Gordon Buford. ©
      21Sep69; LP38312.

    My dog, the thief, pt. 2. Based on a story by Gordon Buford. ©
      28Sep69; LP38468.

    Nature's strangest oddballs. © 29Mar70; LP38306.

    Secrets of the Pirate's Inn, pt. 1. Based on the book by Wylly Folk
      St. John. © 23Nov69; LP38302.

    Secrets of the Pirate's Inn, pt. 2. Based on the book by Wylly Folk
      St. John. © 30Nov69; LP38303.

    Smoke, pt. 1. Based on the book by William Corbin. © 1Feb70;
      LP38300.

    Smoke, pt. 2. Based on the book by William Corbin. © 8Feb70;
      LP38301.

    Varda, the peregrine falcon. Based on the book The peregrine falcon,
      by Robert Murphy. © 16Nov69; LP38304.

    Wild geese calling. Based on the book by Robert Murphy. © 14Sep69;
      LP38309.

  WOODPECKING BIRDS. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color, Super 8 mm.
    Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20684.

  WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS. Group 2 (Filmstrip) Society for
    Visual Education. 6 filmstrips, color, 35 mm. With Teacher's guide
    and reading script, 6 v. Contents: A638-3--A638-8: Straight sawing.
    61 fr.--Curved sawing and drilling. 56 fr.--Smoothing and shaping.
    49 fr.--Sanding. 52 fr.--The lathe, faceplate turning. 52 fr.--The
    lathe, spindle turning. 52 fr. Produced in cooperation with
    Instructional Dynamics. Coleman Hewitt, technical advisor. © Society
    for Visual Education, Inc.; 7May70; A170053.

  WORDS AND THEIR BACKGROUND. See

    [VOCABULARY BUILDING]

  WORK AND TRADE. See

    PIONEER COMMUNITY.

  WORK AROUND THE WORLD. Coronet Instructional Films. 12 min., sd., b&w,
    16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of Esquire, Inc.;
    3Mar70; MP20570.

  WORK PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS (Filmstrip) No. 1187. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Mathematics release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70;
    A196118.

  WORKING. See

    THE CITIES.

  WORKING MODEL OF THE THORAX. Iowa State University. 4 min., si.,
    color, 16 mm. (Physiology film series) © Iowa State University
    a.a.d.o. Iowa State University of Science & Technology; 15Oct69;
    MP21011.

  WORKING WITH YOUNG ADULTS IN SUNDAY SCHOOL (Filmstrip) Broadman Films.
    45 fr., color, 35 mm. With manual, 1 v. NM: additions & revisions. ©
    Broadman Films; 1Ju170; A173139.

  THE WORLD AROUND ME (Filmstrip) Bowmar. 3 filmstrips, color, 35 mm.
    (Early childhood series, pt. 2) Contents: A-C: The everyday world.
    47 fr.--The expanding world. 41 fr.--The beautiful world. 48 fr.
    Written by Ruth Jaynes, Beatrice Woodbridge & Nancy Curry. © Bowmar,
    Inc. a.a.d.o. Bowmar Records, Inc.; 10Nov70; JP12645.

  WORLD EXPLORERS. See

    AROUND THE WORLD WITH MAGELLAN.

    BALBOA DISCOVERS THE PACIFIC.

    CHAMPLAIN IN THE WILDERNESS.

    CORTES IN THE LAND OF THE AZTECS.

  WORLD OF ANCIENT ROME (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 45 fr., color, 35
    mm. (Our heritage from the past) Author, Paul Peller; illustrator,
    Richard Bober. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70; A166452.

  THE WORLD OF CARL SANDBURG. National Educational Television & Radio
    Center. 59 min., sd., color. Videotape (2 in.) Based on the stage
    presentation by Norman Corwin. © National Educational Television &
    Radio Center; 3Jun66; MP20744.

  THE WORLD OF MICROBES (Filmstrip) No. 206. Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals. 44 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Science release) With
    Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Mar70;
    A196133.

  WORLD POPULATION PATTERNS: OUTLOOK AND IMPLICATIONS (Filmstrip) No.
    9015. Popular Science Audio-Visuals. 43 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Social
    studies release) With Filmstrip guide, 5 p. © Popular Science
    Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 2Feb70; A196100.

  WORMS: FLAT, ROUND AND SEGMENTED. Coronet Instructional Films. 16
    min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division of
    Esquire, Inc.; 19May70; MP20857.

  WRITING A REPORT (Filmstrip) 354. Educational Projections Corp. 32
    fr., color, 35 mm. © Educational Projections Corp.; 15Jul67;
    JP12368.


                                   Y

  YEAR. See

    CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.

  YEARS OF CHALLENGE, 1960-1970 (Filmstrip) Troll Associates. 44 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. (Heritage of Afro-American history) Author, Kenneth
    Brown; illustrator, Regina Grundberg. Appl. ti.: Years of challenge,
    1960-present. © Troll Associates; 18Feb70; A166393.

  YENDO A LA ESCUELA CON SEGURIDAD. See

    [SPANISH PROGRAM]

  YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED A BIT. Franciscan Communications Center. 15 min.,
    sd., color, 16 mm. A Teleketics presentation. © Franciscan
    Communications Center; 1Sep70; MP20835.

  YOU WILL ANSWER (Filmstrip) Goal Record Film Productions. 79 fr.,
    color, 35 mm. By Patricia R. Repper. © Goal Record Film Productions,
    Inc.; 5Feb70; JP12610.

  A YOUNG COYOTE LEARNS TO HUNT. Troll Associates. 4 min., si., color,
    Super 8 mm. Loop film. © Troll Associates; 16Jan70; MP20731.

  YOUR CITY HELPERS. See

    [DAILY LIVING]

  YOUR ENVIRONMENT IS THE EARTH. Journal Films. 12 min., sd., color, 16
    mm. Appl. author: Elizabeth I. Werrenrath. © Reinald Werrenrath,
    Jr.; 1Oct68; MP20900.

  YOUR JOB OUTLOOK (Filmstrip) No. 419. Popular Science Audio-Visuals.
    42 fr., color, 35 mm. (A Guidance release) With Filmstrip guide, 5
    p. © Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.; 6Oct69; A196141.

  YOUR MOUTH--HEALTHY, ATTRACTIVE, COMFORTABLE--NOW (Filmstrip)
    Management Forms. 57 fr., color, 35 mm. © Management Forms, Inc.;
    26Mar70; JP12331.

  YOUR PARLIAMENTARY PARTNER: MR. MAIN MOTION (Filmstrip) National
    Congress of Parents and Teachers. Made by Creative Productions. 78
    fr., color, 35 mm. © National Congress of Parents and Teachers;
    26Jan70 (in notice: 1969); JP12506.

  YOUR STUDY SKILLS: DOING AN ASSIGNMENT. Coronet Instructional Films.
    10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 4Mar70; MP20571.

  YOUR STUDY SKILLS: HOW TO USE A TEXTBOOK. Coronet Instructional Films.
    13 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 6Mar70; MP20590.

  YOUR STUDY SKILLS: REVIEWING FOR A TEST. Coronet Instructional Films.
    10 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a division
    of Esquire, Inc.; 6Mar70; MP20573.

  YOUR STUDY SKILLS: TAKING NOTES FROM READING. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 11 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 4Mar70; MP20572.

  YOUR STUDY SKILLS: USING REFERENCE MATERIALS. Coronet Instructional
    Films. 14 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm. © Coronet Instructional Films, a
    division of Esquire, Inc.; 21Apr70; MP20591.

  YOU'RE FIRED AN' I'M TIRED. Terrytoons. 5 min., sd., b&w, 16 mm.
    (Deputy Dawg) © Terrytoons, a division of CBS Films, Inc.; 19Aug64;
    LP38330.

  YOUTH ACTIVITIES MEETING. Christian Science Board of Directors. 16
    min., sd., color. © Christian Science Board of Directors; 5Oct70;
    MU8245.

  YOUTH BUILDS A NATION IN TANZANIA. Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp. Made by Visual Education Centre 18 min., sd.,
    color, 16 mm. (The African scene) © Encyclopaedia Britannica
    Educational Corp.; 11Sep70; MP20893.

  YOUTH SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK (Filmstrip) Broadman Films. 50 fr., color, 35
    mm. With manual, 1 v. © Broadman Films; 1Oct70; A200922.


                                   Z

  ZABRISKIE POINT. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer. 111 min., sd., color, 35 mm.
    Panavision. © Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; 18Mar70; LP38062.

  THE ZOO. King Screen Productions. 6 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © King
    Broadcasting Co.; 4Dec70; MP21000.

  ZOOS OF THE WORLD. National Geographic Society & Metromedia Producers
    Corp. 51 min., sd., color, 16 mm. © National Geographic Society;
    9Oct70; MP20939.

  ZUNI. See

    SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAMILIES.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                         RENEWAL REGISTRATIONS


A list, arranged by title, of motion pictures for which renewal
registrations were made during the period covered by this issue.
Information relating to both the original and the renewal registration
is included in each entry. References from variant titles and from
distinctive subtitles are interfiled.


                                   A

  ACCENT ON COURAGE, a motion picture in 5,560 feet by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (The World today) © 30Apr43; M14789.
    Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497080.

  THE ADVENTURES OF A ROOKIE, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio
    Pictures. © 22Aug43; L12250. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70;
    R493279.

  ALADDIN'S LAMP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 22Oct43;
    M14786. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov70; R495516.

  ALADDIN'S LAMP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 22Oct43;
    M14828. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov70; R495517.

  ALAN COURTNEY'S 1280 CLUB, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 27Aug42; M13429. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Jun70; R487869.

  ALIBI, a photoplay in 7 reels by Corona Pictures. © 24Mar43; L12016.
    Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492730.

  ALL BY MYSELF, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    30Apr43; L12036. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489846.

  ALWAYS A BRIDESMAID, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 13Sep43; L12272. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491953.

  AMERICA SINGS WITH KATE SMITH, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 21Aug42; M13464. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Jun70; R487872.

  ANY CHICKENS TODAY? A motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. 14Jul43; M13764. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep70; R490535.

  ARIZONA TRAIL, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Oct43; L12350. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496156.

  THE ARMLESS DENTIST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 18Jun43; M13685. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490521.

  AT THE BIRD FARM, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    (Speaking of animals) © 26Feb43; M13404. National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70; R497380.


                                   B

  BABY PUSS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Dec43; M14453.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70; R497191.

  BAD MEN OF THE HILLS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 20Oct42; L11939. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491148.

  A BAND IS BORN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 23Oct42; M13428. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491157.

  BEACH COMMAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    9Apr43; M13458. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70;
    R497381.

  BEHIND THE RISING SUN, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    3Aug43; L12251. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493277.

  BEST FOOT FORWARD, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 14Jul43;
    L12193. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70; R488047.

  BETRAYED BY LAW. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 10.

  BEYOND THE LAST FRONTIER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 22Aug43; L12254. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70;
    R496356.

  THE BLACK HILLS EXPRESS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 7Jun43; L12129. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70;
    R492740.

  BLAZING BEACONS. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 11.

  BLIND BOMBARDEMENT. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 10.

  A BLITZ ON THE FRITZ, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 22Jan43; L12057. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    16Dec70; R496546.

  BOMBER'S MOON, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 6Aug43; L12347. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497061.

  THE BOOGIE MAN WILL GET YOU, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 12Oct42; L12051. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 21Sep70; R491154.

  BOOGIE WOOGIE MAN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 19Oct43; M14107. Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz
    Productions (PWH); 4Dec70; R496171.

  BORDERTOWN GUN FIGHTERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 15Jun43; L12131. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70;
    R492742.

  BOSTON BLACKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 5Nov42; L11690. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Oct70; R492971.

  THE BOTTOMLESS WELL. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chap. no. 6.

  BRAVO MR. STRAUSS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    10Mar43; L11899. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70;
    R497372.

  BRIDGE TO THE SKY. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 7.

  BURNED AT THE STAKE. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 14.


                                   C

  CACTUS ARTIST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    18Jun43; M13686. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490522.

  CAJUNS OF THE TECHE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 13Aug42; M13508. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Jun70; R487874.

  CALLING WILD BILL ELLIOTT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 21Apr43; L12018. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70;
    R492731.

  CANINE COMMANDOS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 8Ju143; M13771. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep70; R490536.

  CANVAS CUT-UPS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (The World of sports, no. 81) © 6Sep42; M13410. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70; R490033.

  CAPTIVE WILD WOMAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    11May43; L12179. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 26Aug70; R490505.

  CARRY HARRY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    3Sep42; L12029. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70;
    R490030.

  CHAMPIONS CARRY ON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Ed Thorgersen's sports review) © 10Dec43;
    M14773. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497076.

  CHATTERBOX, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. © 2Apr43;
    L12008. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492728.

  CHETNIKS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
    5Feb43; L12348. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70;
    R497062.

  CHICKEN LITTLE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    4Nov43; L12602. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 7Dec70; R496017.

  CHOLLY POLLY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 31Dec42; L11982.
    Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Nov70; R495122.

  CHOO-CHOO SWING, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    12Nov43; L12367. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496163.

  CLAUDIA, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. ©
    3Sep43; L12527. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70;
    R497070.

  CLIMBING THE PEAKS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 16Apr43; M14826. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497083.

  COAST OF STRATEGY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 15Oct43;
    M14775. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497078.

  COLLEGE BELLES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    16Oct42; L11961. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70;
    R491151.

  COMMANDOS STRIKE AT DAWN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 7Jan43; L11778. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    16Dec70; R496539.

  COMMUNITY SING, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 7, 1942/43.

    1. © 15Aug42; M13462. 19Jun70; R487870.

    2. © 17Sep42; M13469. 24Aug70; R490035.

    3. © 15Oct42; M13426. 21Sep70; R491156.

    4. © 11Dec42; M13407. 19Nov70; R495126.

    5. © 12Nov42; M13408. 19Oct70; R492981.

    6. © 1Jan43; M13427. 16Dec70; R496549.

  CONEY ISLAND, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 18Jun43; L12447. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497065.

  CONFUSION IN INDIA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 22Apr43; M13541. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489857.

  CORVETTE K-225, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    13Oct43; L12315. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496153.

  COUNTER-ESPIONAGE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    3Sep42; L11605. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70;
    R490022.

  COWBOY IN MANHATTAN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 16Apr43; L12180. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489848.

  CRASH DIVE, a photoplay in 12 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 14May43; L12147. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497055.

  CRAZY HOUSE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    2Nov43; L12354. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496159.

  CRIMINAL INVESTIGATOR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures
    Corp. © 18Sep42; L11591. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH);
    15Jul70; R488201.

  THE CROSS OF LARRAINE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 3Nov43;
    L12407. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 9Nov70; R494776.


                                   D

  THE DANCING MASTERS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 19Nov43; L12453. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 17Dec70; R497066.

  DANCING ON THE STARS, a motion picture in 2 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 30Apr43; M13531. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489855.

  DANGER WALKS BY NIGHT. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN.

  DAREDEVILS OF THE WEST, chap. 1-6. 6 photoplays in 13 reels by
    Republic Productions. © 1May43; L12165. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70;
    R492743.

  THE DARING YOUNG MAN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 8Oct42; L11646. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491140.

  DAYS OF OLD CHEYENNE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 22Apr43; L12086. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492732.

  DEAD MEN OF THE DEEP. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 14.

  DEATH VALLEY MANHUNT, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 20Aug43; L12215. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496354.

  DEFENSE AGAINST INVASION, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 5Aug43; M13826. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    3Sep70; R491062.

  THE DIZZY ACROBAT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 19May43; M13613. Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 26Aug70;
    R490507.

  DOG SENSE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (Ed Thorgersen's sports review) © 3Sep43; M14774. Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497077.

  DON'T YOU BELIEVE IT? A photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 1Jul43;
    L12142. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul70, R487655.

  THE DUMBCONSCIOUS MIND, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. ©
    23Oct42; L11955. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70;
    R491149.


                                   E

  EARS OF THE ENEMY. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 11.

  ED THORGERSEN'S SPORTS REVIEW. See

    CHAMPIONS CARRY ON.

    DOG SENSE.

  ELECTION DAZE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 30Jul43; L12173.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 14Aug70; R489650.

  ENEMY AGENTS MEET ELLERY QUEEN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 30Jul42; L11490. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 11Jun70; R487878.

  ENEMY PASSPORT. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 1.

  EVEN AS I O U, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    18Sep42; L12031. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70;
    R490031.


                                   F

  THE FALCON IN DANGER, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    13Jul43; L12151. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul70; R488738.

  THE FALLEN SPARROW, a photoplay in 9 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    19Aug43; L12247. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct7O; R493276.

  FALSE FACES, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    14May43; L12126. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492737.

  FARMER GENE SARAZEN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures.
    © 30Sep70; M14017. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491965.

  FIGARO AND CLEO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    14Aug43; L12673. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 3Sep70; R491063.

  FIRED WIFE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 7Oct43;
    L12317. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios,
    Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496155.

  THE 500 HATS OF BARTHOLOMEW CUBBINS, a photoplay in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures, © 26Apr43; L11992. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70; R497373.

  FIXIN' TRICKS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 16Sep43;
    M14072. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Sep70; R491296.

  FLAMING OIL. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 6.

  FLESH AND FANTASY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures. ©
    30Sep43; L12297. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491958.

  FLYING GUNNERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Movietone adventures) © 24Sep43; M14908. Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497088.

  FOLLOW THE BAND, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    19Apr43; L12035. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 10Aug7O; R489845.

  FOOTBALL THRILLS OF 1942, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    24Sep43; M14089. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep70; R492179.

  FOOTLIGHT GLAMOUR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    30Sep43; L12308. King Features Syndicate, a division of Hearst Corp.
    (PWH); 8Oct70; R492176.

  FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS, a photoplay in 19 reels by Paramount
    Pictures. © 14Jul43; L13099. Emka, division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 13Aug70; R489871.

  FOREIGN AGENT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    4Sep42; L11566. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70;
    R488199.

  FOREVER AND A DAY, a photoplay in 11 reels by Anglo-American
    Productions. © 19Mar43; L11962. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH);
    31Jul70; R488356.

  FORGOTTEN TREASURE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 1Jul43; L12171.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul70; R487652.

  FRONTIER BADMEN, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    11Aug43; L12187. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep70; R491022.

  FRONTIER LAW, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    12Nov43; L12366. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496162.

  FUGITIVE FROM SONORA, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 17Jun43; L12130. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
    National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492741.

  FUSS AND FEATHERS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 29Oct43; M14846. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 17Dec70; R497085.


                                   G

  GALS, INCORPORATED, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    26Jun43; L12121. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490519.

  GANDY GOOSE IN CAMOUFLAGE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    27Aug43; L12897. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep70; R490675.

  GANDY GOOSE IN SOMEWHERE IN EGYPT, a photoplay in 1 reel by
    Terrytoons. © 17Aug43; L12923. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 19Aug70;
    R490015.

  A GENTLE GANGSTER, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    20Apr43; L12087. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492733.

  GET GOING, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 3Jun43;
    L12093. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios,
    Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490516.

  GILDERSLEEVE ON BROADWAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio
    Pictures. © 21Oct43; L12436. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70;
    R493281.

  GIRL CRAZY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 2Aug43; L12168.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Aug70; R489341.

  GLIMPSES OF MEXICO, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 12Aug43;
    M13893. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 31Aug70; R490469.

  GOOD FELLOWS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 22Oct43;
    L12345. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    4Nov70; R494185.

  GOOD MORNING, JUDGE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 15Apr43; L12181. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489849.

  THE GREAT GLOVER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    25Jan43; L11983. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 16Dec70;
    R496544.

  GUADALCANAL DIARY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 5Nov43; L12463. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497069.

  THE GULLIBLE CANARY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 18Sep42;
    L12033. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70; R490032.

  GUNS IN THE NIGHT. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chap. no. 5.


                                   H

  HAM AND YEGGS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    27Nov42; L12045. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct70;
    R492980.

  HANGMEN ALSO DIE, a photoplay in 14 reels by Arnold Productions. ©
    26Mar43; L11978. Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 23Nov70; R495106.

  HAPPY LAND, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    © 3Dec43; L12651. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70;
    R497072.

  HEADIN' FOR GOD'S COUNTRY, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 13Jul43; L12164. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70;
    R496351.

  HEAVEN CAN WAIT, a photoplay in 12 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 13Aug43; L12346. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497060.

  HELLO, FRISCO, HELLO, a photoplay in 11 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 15Mar43; L12044. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 17Dec70; R497054.

  HENRY ALDRICH SWINGS IT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Paramount Pictures.
    © 13Aug43; L12201. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 13Aug70; R489868.

  HERS TO HOLD, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    22Jul43; L12148. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep70; R490533.

  HI YA SAILOR, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    2Nov43; L12351. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496157.

  HIKE OR BIKE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    10Mar43; M13333. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70;
    R497378.

  HILLSIDE HORROR. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chap. no. 4.

  HIS BUTLER'S SISTER, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 17Nov43; L12378. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496164.

  HIS WEDDING SCARE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    15Jan43; L12059. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 16Dec70;
    R496547.

  HIT THE ICE, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    24Jun43; L12209. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490520.

  HIT TUNE SERENADE, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    19Aug43; L12210. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep70; R491024.

  HITLER'S MADMAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 2Jul43; L12194.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 6Jul70; R488042.

  HOLY MATRIMONY, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 27Aug43; L12528. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497071.

  HOME DEFENSE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    29Sep43; L12633. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 15Oct70; R493320.

  HONEYMOON LODGE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Jul43; L12169. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep70; R490534.

  HOOSIER HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    19Aug43; L12213. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496352.

  HOSTAGES, a photoplay in 9 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 5Aug43;
    L12355. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    13Aug70; R489869.

  HOW TO BE A SAILOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions.
    © 15Dec43; L12674. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 28Dec70; R497281.


                                   I

  I DOOD IT, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 27Jul43; L12176.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Jul70; R488700.

  INA RAY HUTTON AND HER ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 5Mar43; M13395. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70; R497379.

  ISLE OF MISSING MEN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
    © 7Aug42; L11527. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70;
    R488197.


                                   J

  JASPER AT THE CHOO CHOO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures.
    © 1Jan43; L11762. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70;
    R497371.

  JEANNIE, a photoplay in 8 reels by English Films. © 3Dec43; L12492.
    Film Archives Trading Co. (PWH); 14Dec70; R496529.

  JITTERBUGS, a photoplay in 6,750 feet by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 11Jun43; L12220. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497059.

  A JOURNEY TO DENALI, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 5Aug42; M13467. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Jun70; R487873.

  JUNGLE LAND, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 4Jun43; M14890. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497086.

  JUNIOR ARMY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    26Nov42; L11711. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct70;
    R492975.


                                   K

  KING MIDAS JUNIOR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 25Dec42;
    L12034. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Nov70; R495124.

  KINGDOM OF TREASURE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) ©
    3Dec43; M14581. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70;
    R497075.

  KISS AND WAKE UP, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    2Oct42; L12028. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70;
    R491153.

  THE KITCHEN QUIZ, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    Series 2, no.

    1. © 21Aug42; M13463. 19Jun70; R487871.


                                   L

  LADIES DAY IN SPORTS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (World of sports, no. 85) © 22Jan43; M13468. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 16Dec70; R496550.

  LARCENY WITH MUSIC, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    1Sep43; L12273. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491954.

  LASSIE COME HOME, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 11Aug43; L12218.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 12Aug70; R490089.

  LAUGH YOUR BLUES AWAY, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 12Nov42; L11689. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Oct70; R492970.

  LET'S FACE IT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 8Oct43;
    L12310. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    4Nov70; R494186.

  LIGHTNING STRIKES TWICE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 23Dec42; L12032. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Nov70; R495123.

  THE LION AND THE MOUSE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    12Nov43; L12921. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov70; R495519.

  LITTLE MISS PINKERTON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 14Sep43;
    L12332. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 18Sep70; R491295.

  THE LIVING GHOST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    23Oct42; L11657. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70;
    R488202.

  THE LONE PRAIRIE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    15Oct42; L11923. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70;
    R491147.

  LOST ANGEL, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 27Oct43; L12374.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Nov70; R494373.

  LOST IN THE MINE. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 8.

  LOWELL THOMAS' MAGIC CARPET OF MOVIETONE. See

    COAST OF STRATEGY.

    KINGDOM OF TREASURE.

    MORMON TRAILS.

    STRANGE EMPIRE.

  LUCKY LEGS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    29Sep42; L11601. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70;
    R490018.


                                   M

  THE MAD GHOUL, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    7Oct43; L12316. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496154.

  MADAME CURIE, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 1Dec43; L12429.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496086.

  MALICE IN SLUMBERLAND, a photoplay in 582 ft. by Screen Gems. ©
    20Nov42; L12003. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct70;
    R492978.

  THE MAN FROM DOWN UNDER, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 3Aug43;
    L12219. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 10Aug70; R489651.

  THE MAN FROM THE RIO GRANDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 28Sep43; L12300. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70;
    R496361.

  THE MAN FROM THUNDER RIVER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 18May43; L12127. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70;
    R492738.

  THE MAN IN THE GOLD MASK. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chap. no. 7.

  A MAN'S WORLD, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    17Sep42; L11603. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70;
    R490020.

  THE MANTRAP, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. © 6Apr43;
    L12009. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492729.

  MARGIN FOR ERROR, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 19Feb43; L12212. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497058.

  MARSHAL OF GUNSMOKE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 17Nov43; L12381. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496166.

  MEATLESS TUESDAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    & Walter Lantz Productions. © 29Nov43; M14255. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions
    (PWH); 4Dec70; R496185.

  MEXICAN SPITFIRE'S BLESSED EVENT, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio
    Pictures. © 11Jul43; L12245. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul70;
    R488740.

  MIRROR OF SUB-MARINE LIFE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 22Apr43; M13540. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489856.

  MISSING KEY. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 8.

  MISTER BIG, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28May43; L12075. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 26Aug70; R490504.

  MR. CHIMP GOES TO TOWN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 15Apr43; M13491. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489851.

  MISTER CHIMP RAISES CAIN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 12Nov43; M14154. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496180.

  MR. SMUG, a photoplay in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. © 28Jan43;
    L12361. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 16Dec70; R496548.

  MITCHELL AYRES AND HIS ORCHESTRA, a motion picture in 1 reel by
    Paramount Pictures. © 15Jan43; M13221. National Telefilm Associates,
    Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70; R497375.

  MODERN VIKINGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    8Jan43; M13178. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70;
    R497374.

  THE MOON IS DOWN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 26Feb43; L12417. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 17Dec70; R497064.

  MOONLIGHT AND CACTUS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 17Nov43; L12380. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496165.

  MOPPING UP, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. © 20Aug43;
    M14812. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 4Sep70; R490676.

  MORMON TRAILS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 20Aug43;
    M14845. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497084.

  THE MOUNTIE GETS HIS MAN. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 15.

  MOUNTIE'S LAST CHANCE. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 12.

  MOVIETONE ADVENTURES. See

    FLYING GUNNERS.

  MY FRIEND FLICKA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 23Apr43; L12022. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 17Dec70; R497053.

  MY SISTER EILEEN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    24Sep42; L11602. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70;
    R490019.

  MY TOMATO, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 4Dec43; L12501.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec70; R496597.

  MYSTERY OF GHOST TOWN. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chap. no. 2.


                                   N

  NERVE GAS. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 3

  NEVER A DULL MOMENT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 13Oct43; L12314. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496152.

  NEW ORLEANS BLUES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    23Nov43; L12383. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496168.

  NEWS OF THE DAY, a series of newsreels by Hearst Metrotone News. 1
    reel each, © Hearst Metrotone News, Inc. (PWH)

    v. 14.

    258. © 2Apr43; M13499. 9Jul70; R487943.

    259. © 7Apr43; M13525. 9Jul70; R487944.

    260. © 9Apr43; M13526. 9Jul70; R487945.

    261. © 14Apr43; M13542. 9Jul70; R487946.

    262 © 16Apr43; M13543. 9Jul70; R487947.

    263. © 21Apr43; M13585. 9Jul70; R487948.

    264. © 23Apr43; M13586. 9Jul70; R487949.

    265. © 28Apr43; M13617. 9Jul70; R487950.

    266. © 30Apr43; M13618. 9Jul70; R487951.

    267. © 5May43; M13629. 9Jul70; R487952.

    268. © 7May43; M13630. 9Jul70; R487953.

    269. © 12May43; M13633. 9Jul70; R487954

    270. © 14May43; M13634. 9Jul70; R487955.

    271. © 19May43; M13658. 9Jul70; R487956.

    272. © 21May43; M13659. 9Jul70; R487957.

    273. © 26May43; M13683. 9Jul70; R487958.

    274. © 28May43; M13684. 9Jul70; R487959.

    275. © 2Jun43; M13724. 9Jul70; R487960.

    276. © 4Jun43; M13725. 9Jul70; R487961.

    277. © 9Jun43; M13726. 9Jul70; R487962.

    278. © 11Jun43; M13727. 9Jul70; R487963.

    279. © 16Jun43; M13762. 9Jul70; R487964.

    280. © 18Jun43; M13763. 9Jul70; R487965.

    281. © 23Jun43; M13805. 9Jul70; R487966.

    282. © 25Jun43; M13806. 9Jul70; R487967.

    283. © 30Jun43; M13821. 9Jul70; R487968.

    284. © 2Jul43; M13822. 7Oct70; R492779.

    285. © 7Jul43; M13823. 7Oct70; R492780.

    286. © 9Jul43; M13824. 7Oct70; R492781.

    287. © 14Jul43; M13838. 7Oct70; R492782.

    288. © 16Jul43; M13839. 7Oct70; R492783.

    289. © 21Jul43; M13849. 7Oct70; R492784.

    290. © 23Jul43; M13850. 7Oct70; R492785.

    291. © 28Jul43; M13878. 7Oct70; R492786.

    292. © 30Jul43; M13879. 7Oct70; R492787.

    293. © 4Aug43; M13894. 7Oct70; R492788.

    294. © 6Aug43; M13895. 7Oct70; R492789.

    295. © 11Aug43; M13905. 7Oct70; R492790.

    296. © 13Aug43; M13906. 7Oct70; R492791.

    297. © 18Aug43; M13913. 7Oct70; R492792.

    298. © 20Aug43; M13914. 7Oct70; R492793.

    299. © 25Aug43; M13955. 7Oct70; R492794.

    300. © 27Aug43; M13956. 7Oct70; R492795.

    301. © 1Sep43; M13984. 7Oct70; R492796.

    302. © 3Sep43; M13985. 7Oct70; R492797.

    v. 15.

    200. © 10Sep43; M14066. 7Oct70; R492800.

    201. © 15Sep43; M14067. 7Oct70; R492801.

    202. © 17Sep43; M14068. 7Oct70; R492802.

    203. © 22Sep43; M14046. 7Oct70; R492798.

    204. © 24Sep43; M14047. 7Oct70; R492799.

    205. © 29Sep43; M14091. 7Oct70; R492803.

  THE NEXT OF KIN, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    26Apr43; L12020. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489843.

  A NIGHT TO REMEMBER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 25Nov42; L11745. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Oct70; R492976.

  NO NEWS IS GOOD NEWS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 15Dec43;
    L12502. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.; (PWH); 21Dec70; R497189.

  NO TIME FOR LOVE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    10Nov43; L12483. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 27Nov70; R496170.

  NOBODY'S DARLING! A photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    4Aug43; L12216. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496355.

  NURSERY RHYME MYSTERIES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Jul43;
    L12177. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70; R488045.


                                   O

  ODDITIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    8Oct42; M13520. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70;
    R491159.

  ODE TO VICTORY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 27Jul43; L12242.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Jul70; R488698.

  OLD AND MODERN NEW ORLEANS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 2Oct42; M13411. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 21Sep70; R491155.

  THE OLD ARMY GAME, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    7Sep43; L12675. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 15Oct70; R493321.

  OLD BLACKOUT JOE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 27Aug42;
    L11704. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Jun70; R487867.

  1-A DOGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    30Sep43; M14016. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491972.

  ONE DANGEROUS NIGHT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 16Dec42; L11746. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Nov70; R495116.

  ONE HAM'S FAMILY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 30Jul43; L12240.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 3Aug70; R488946.

  ONE THRILLING NIGHT, a photoplay in 8 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp.
    © 24Jul42; L11455. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 13Jul70;
    R488096.

  OUR SECOND FRONT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 18Dec42; M13512. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Nov70; R495129.

  OVERLAND TO DEADWOOD, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 25Sep42; L11940. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    24Aug70; R490027.


                                   P

  PAINTED WHITE MAN. See

    PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. Chap. no. 13.

  PARDON MY GUN, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    1Dec42; L11924. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Nov70;
    R495120.

  PARIS AFTER DARK, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 15Oct43; L12652. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497073.

  PASS THE BISCUITS MIRANDY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. (A Walter Lantz swing
    symphony) © 27Aug43; M13907. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz Productions (PWH);
    8Sep70; R491026.

  PAWN OF THE SPY RING. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 13.

  THE PELICAN AND THE SNIPE, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 29Nov43; L12603. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    7Dec70; R496018.

  PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED, a series of photoplays by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 2 reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    7. Bridge to the sky. © 1Jul42; L11450. 11Jun70; R487876.

    8. Lost in the mine. © 6Jul42; L11499. 11Jun70; R487881.

    10. Betrayed by law. © 20Jul42; L11496. 11Jun70; R487879.

    11. Blazing beacons. © 27Jul42; L11497. 11Jun70; R487880.

    12. The Mountie's last chance. © 14Aug42; L11516. 19Jun70; R487864.

    13. Painted white man. © 15Aug42; L11517. 19Jun70; R487865.

    14. Burned at the stake. © 28Aug42; L11550. 19Jun70; R487866.

    15. The mountie gets his man. © 1Sep42; L11551. 24Aug70; R490017.

  PETTICOAT LARCENY, a photoplay in 6 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    1Jul43; L12152. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul70; R488739.

  PHANTOM KILLER, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    28Aug42; L11546. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70;
    R488198.

  PHANTOM OF THE OPERA, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 30Sep43; L12298. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491959.

  PHONY CRONIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    27Aug42; L12058. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Jun70;
    R487868.

  PIANO MOONER, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    11Dec42; L12047. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Nov70;
    R495125.

  POLICE BULLETS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    21Aug42; L11589. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70;
    R488200.

  PRAIRIE GUNSMOKE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    16Jul42; L11459. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 11Jun70;
    R487877.


                                   R

  RADIO BOMB. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 9.

  RADIO MELODIES, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    22Oct43; L12352. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496158.

  RATION BORED, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. &
    Walter Lantz Productions. (A Walter Lantz cartune) © 7Aug43; M13851.
    Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. &
    Walter Lantz Productions (PWH); 8Sep70; R491025.

  REASON & EMOTION, a motion picture in 1 reel by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 7Jul43; M13965. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    6Aug70; R489405.

  RHYTHM OF THE ISLANDS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 7Apr43; L12037. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489847.

  RIDERS OF THE RIO GRANDE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic
    Productions. © 10May43; L12088. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned
    subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70;
    R492734.

  RIDING HIGH, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 10Nov43;
    L12430. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    27Nov70; R496169.

  RIDING THROUGH NEVADA, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 1Oct42; L11922. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491146.

  RUSSIAN REVELS, a motion picture in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 30Apr43; M13530. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489854.


                                   S

  SABOTAGE SQUAD, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    3Aug42; L11491. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Jun70;
    R487863.

  SAILS ALOFT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 31Mar43; M14776. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497079.

  THE SAINT MEETS THE TIGER, a photoplay in 8 reels by RKO Radio British
    Productions. © 29Jul43; L12253. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 30Jul70;
    R488741.

  SALT LAKE DIVERSIONS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 14Dec43;
    M14344. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70; R497190.

  SALUTE FOR THREE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Paramount Pictures. ©
    16Jul43; L12191. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc.
    (PWH); 13Aug70; R489867.

  SALUTE TO THE MARINES, a photoplay in 10 reels by Loew's. © 27Jul43;
    L12197. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Jul70; R488699.

  SANTA FE SCOUTS, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    7Apr43; L12007. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492727.

  SAPPY PAPPY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    30Oct42; L12000. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70;
    R491152.

  SCOURGE OF THE ORIENT. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 12.

  SCRAP HAPPY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 25Aug43; L12241.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490470.

  A SCREAM IN THE DARK, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions.
    © 7Sep43; L12276. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496360.

  SCREEN SNAPSHOTS, a series of motion pictures by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. 1 reel each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH)

    Series 22, 1942/43.

    1. © 7Aug42; M13521. 19Jun70; R487875.

    2. © 11Sep42; M13470. 24Aug70; R490036.

    3. © 23Oct42; M13509. 21Sep70; R491158.

    4. © 26Nov42; M13471. 19Oct70; R492983.

    5. © 25Dec42; M13510. 19Nov70; R495128.

    6. © 29Jan43; M13472. 16Dec70; R496551.

  SEASPY STRIKES. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 4

  THE SECRET CODE, a series of photoplays by Columbia Pictures Corp. 2
    reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    1. Enemy passport. © 4Sep42; L11609. 24Aug70; R490023.

    2. The shadow of the swastika. © 11Sep42; L11610. 24Aug70; R490024.

    3. Nerve gas. © 18Sep42; L11611. 24Aug70; R490025.

    4. The seaspy strikes. © 25Sep42; L11614. 24Aug70; R490026.

    5. Wireless warning. © 2Oct42; L11625. 21Sep70; R494658.

    6. Flaming oil. © 9Oct42; L11626. 21Sep70; R494659.

    7. Submarine signal. © 9Oct42; L11627. 21Sep70; R494660.

    8. The missing key. © 23Oct42; L11651. 21Sep70; R491143.

    9. The radio bomb. © 30Oct42; L11669. 21Sep70; R491144.

    10. Blind bombardement. © 7Nov42; L11687. 19Oct70; R492969.

    11. Ears of the enemy. © 14Nov42; L11707. 19Oct70; R492972.

    12. Scourge of the Orient. © 21Nov42; L11708. 19Oct70; R492973.

    13. Pawn of the spy ring. © 28Nov42; L11709. 19Oct70; R492974.

    14. Dead men of the deep. © 5Dec42; L11710. 19Nov70; R495113.

    15. The secret code smashed. © 12Dec42; L11744. 19Nov70; R495115.

  SECRET CODE SMASHED. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 15.

  SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST AFRICA, a series of photoplays by Republic
    Productions. 2 reels each (no. 1, 3 reels) © Repix, Inc., a wholly
    owned subsidiary of National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH)

    Chap.

    1-5. © 6Aug43; L12255. 8Dec70; R496357.

    6-10. © 18Aug43; L12256. 8Dec70; R496358.

  SEEING HANDS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 1Ju143; L12137.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul70; R487653.

  SEVENTH COLUMN, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Jul43; L12172.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70; R488044.

  THE SEVENTH VICTIM, a photoplay in 7 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    26Aug43; L12249. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493278.

  SHADOW OF THE SWASTIKA. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 2.

  SHANTYTOWN, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. © 12Apr43;
    L12005. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492726.

  SHEPHERD OF THE ROUNDHOUSE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 15Apr43; M13490. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489850.

  SHE'S FOR ME, a photoplay in 6 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    12Nov43; L12364. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496160.

  SILENT WITNESS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Monogram Pictures Corp. ©
    15Jan43; L11865. United Artists Television, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70;
    R488203.

  THE SKY'S THE LIMIT, a photoplay in 11 reels by RKO Radio Pictures. ©
    21Aug43; L12322. RKO General, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493280.

  SLAY IT WITH FLOWERS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 29Jan43;
    L11976. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 16Dec70; R496543.

  SLEEPY LAGOON, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    3Aug43; L12214. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496353.

  SMITH OF MINNESOTA, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    © 15Oct42; L11647. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491141.

  SMOKE RINGS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    25Jun43; L12119. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490518.

  SOCK-A-BYE BABY, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    13Nov42; L12030. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct70;
    R492979.

  SOMEONE TO REMEMBER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    10Jun43; L12128. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492739.

  SON OF DRACULA, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    7Oct43; L12313. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496151.

  SONG OF VICTORY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 4Sep42;
    L12001. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70; R490029.

  SO'S YOUR UNCLE, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    12Nov43; L12365. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496161.

  SOUTH SEA RHYTHMS, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    5Aug43; L12199. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 8Sep70; R491023.

  SPEAKING OF ANIMALS. See

    AT THE BIRD FARM.

  THE SPIRIT OF STANFORD, a photoplay in 8 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 10Sep42; L11604. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    24Aug70; R490021.

  STAND BY ALL NETWORKS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 29Oct42; L11688. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491145.

  THE STORK'S HOLIDAY, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 19Oct43;
    L12331. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493050.

  STORM, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 19Oct43; L12333.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493051.

  STORMY WEATHER, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. © 16Jul43; L12206. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH);
    17Dec70; R497057.

  THE STRANGE DEATH OF ADOLPH HITLER, a photoplay in 8 reels by
    Universal Pictures Co. © 3Sep43; L12287. Universal Pictures, a
    division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491957.

  STRANGE EMPIRE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. (Lowell Thomas' magic carpet of movietone) © 15Jan43;
    M13300. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497074.

  STREAMLINE AND STAMINA, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 17Jul43; M14821. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497081.

  SUBMARINE SIGNAL. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 7.

  SUPER MOUSE IN DOWN WITH CATS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    1Oct43; L12894. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 23Nov70; R495518.

  SUPER MOUSE RIDES AGAIN, a motion picture in 1 reel by Terrytoons. ©
    6Aug43; M14906. CBS Enterprises, Inc. (PWH); 19Aug70; R490016.

  SWEET JAM, a photoplay in 2 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 27Sep43;
    L12286. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios,
    Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491956.

  SWEET ROSIE O'GRADY, a photoplay in 6,850 feet by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 1Oct43; L12462. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497068.

  SWING FEVER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 2Dec43; L12427.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec70; R496596.

  SWING YOUR PARTNER, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. & Walter Lantz Productions. © 19Apr43; M13493. Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. & Walter Lantz
    Productions (PWH); 18Aug70; R489853.

  SWING YOUR PARTNER, a photoplay in 8 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    11May43; L12091. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492735.


                                   T

  THEY CAME TO BLOW UP AMERICA, a photoplay in 8 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 7May43; L12416. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497063.

  THEY STOOGE TO CONGA, a photoplay in 2 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 1Jan43; L12046. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    16Dec70; R496545.

  THIS IS THE LIFE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    17Nov43; L12382. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496167.

  THIS IS TOMORROW, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 1Dec43; L12428.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496085.

  THOUSANDS CHEER, a photoplay in 13 reels by Loew's. © 22Sep43; L12340.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Sep70; R491618.

  THREE SMART GUYS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 20Oct43; L12337.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493052.

  THROUGH THE COLORADO ROCKIES, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. ©
    20Oct43; M14090. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493054.

  THUMBS UP, a photoplay in 7 reels by Republic Productions. © 16Jun43;
    L12124. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National Telefilm
    Associates, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R492736.

  TIPS ON TRIPS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. (What's your
    I.Q.? No. 7) © 9Nov43; M14177. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH);
    19Nov70; R495198.

  TITO'S GUITAR, a photoplay in 1 reel by Screen Gems. © 30Oct42;
    L11957. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 21Sep70; R491150.

  TO MY UNBORN SON, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 20Oct43; L12338.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 26Oct70; R493053.

  TOLL BRIDGE TROUBLES, a photoplay in 660 ft. by Screen Gems. ©
    27Nov42; L11958. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct70;
    R492977.

  TOM THUMB IN PERSON, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 15Apr43; M13492. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489852.

  TONIGHT WE RAID CALAIS, a photoplay in 7 reels by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. © 30Apr43; L12195. Twentieth Century-Fox Film
    Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497056.

  TOP MAN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Universal Pictures Co. © 24Sep43;
    L12285. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios,
    Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491955.

  A TORNADO IN THE SADDLE, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 15Dec42; L11925. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    19Nov70; R495121.

  TRADING BLOWS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount Pictures. ©
    12Feb43; M13281. National Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 21Dec70;
    R497377.

  TRIFLES THAT WIN WARS, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's © 1Jul43;
    L12178. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 2Jul70; R487650.

  TROTTING KINGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (The World of sports, no. 82) © 25Sep42; M13466. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 24Aug70; R490034.

  TROUBLE IN CANYON CITY. See

    THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. Chap. no. 1.

  TRUE TO LIFE, a photoplay in 10 reels by Paramount Pictures. © 9Aug43;
    L12408. Emka, division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH);
    13Aug70; R489870.

  TWO TICKETS TO LONDON, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures
    Co. © 15Jun43; L12098. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal
    City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490517.


                                   U

  U.S. NAVY WEFT IDENTIFICATION, a motion picture by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 6Dec43; M14256. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    28Dec70; R497280.

  UNDERGROUND AGENT, a photoplay in 7 reels by Columbia Pictures Corp. ©
    3Dec42; L11712. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Nov70;
    R495114.

  THE UNINVITED PEST, a photoplay in 1 reel by Loew's. © 13Jul43;
    L12138. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70; R488043.

  UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL, by Universal Pictures Co. 1 reel each. © Universal
    Pictures, a division of Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH)

    v.16.

    176. © 1Apr43; M13596. 18Aug70; R489858.

    177. © 6Apr43; M13597. 18Aug70; R489859.

    178. © 8Apr43; M13598. 18Aug70; R489860.

    179. © 13Apr43; M13604. 18Aug70; R489861.

    180. © 15Apr43; M13605. 18Aug70; R489862.

    181. © 20Apr43; M13611. 18Aug70; R489863.

    182. © 22Apr43; M13612. 18Aug70; R489864.

    183. © 27Apr43; M13631. 18Aug70; R489865.

    184. © 29Apr43; M13632. 18Aug70; R489866.

    185. © 4May43; M13646. 26Aug70; R490508.

    186. © 6May43; M13647. 26Aug70; R490509.

    187. © 11May43; M13660. 26Aug70; R490510.

    188. © 13May43; M13661. 26Aug70; R490511.

    189. © 18May43; M13694. 26Aug70; R490512.

    190. © 21May43; M13695. 26Aug70; R490513.

    191. © 25May43; M13708. 26Aug70; R490514.

    192. © 27May43; M13709. 26Aug70; R490515.

    193. © 1Jun43; M13719. 20Aug70; R490524.

    194. © 3Jun43; M13720. 28Aug70; R490525.

    195. © 8Jun43; M13765. 28Aug70; R490526.

    196. © 10Jun43; M13766. 28Aug70; R490527.

    197. © 15Jun43; M13767. 28Aug70; R490528.

    198. © 17Jun43; M13768. 20Aug70; R490529.

    199. © 22Jun43; M13803. 28Aug70; R490530.

    200. © 24Jun43; M13804. 28Aug70; R490531.

    201. © 29Jun43; M13828. 28Aug70; R490532.

    202. © 1Jul43; M13829. 1Sep70; R490538.

    203. © 6Jul43; M13846. 1Sep70; R490540.

    204. © 8Ju143; M13847. 1Sep70; R490541.

    205. © 13Jul43; M13874. 1Sep70; R490542.

    206. © 15Jul43; M13875. 1Sep70; R490543.

    207. © 20Jul43; M13883. 1Sep70; R490544.

    208. © 22Jul43; M13884. 1Sep70; R490545.

    209. © 27Jul43; M13885. 1Sep70; R409546

    210. © 29Ju143; M13886. 1Sep70; R490547.

    211. © 3Aug43; M13915. 8Sep70; R491027.

    212. © 5Aug43; M13916. 8Sep70; R491028.

    213. © 10Aug43; M13917. 8Sep70; R491029.

    214. © 12Aug43; M13918. 8Sep70; R491030.

    215. © 17Aug43; M13919. 8Sep70; R491031.

    216. © 19Aug43; M13920. 8Sep70; R491032.

    217. © 24Aug43; M13921. 8Sep70; R491033.

    218. © 26Aug43; M13922. 8Sep70; R491034.

    219. © 31Aug43; M13957. 8Sep70; R491035.

    220. © 2Sep43; M13958. 5Oct70; R491961.

    221. © 7Sep43; M13995. 5Oct70; R491962.

    222. © 9Sep43; M13996. 5Oct70; R491963.

    223. © 14Sep43; M14018. 5Oct70; R491966.

    224. © 16Sep43; M14019. 5Oct70; R491967.

    225. © 21Sep43; M14051. 5Oct70; R491968.

    226. © 23Sep43; M14052. 5Oct70; R491969.

    227. © 28Sep43; M14053. 5Oct70; R491970.

    228. © 30Sep43; M14054. 5Oct70; R491971.

    229. © 5Oct43; M14108. 4Dec70; R496172.

    230. © 7Oct43; M14109. 4Dec70; R496173.

    231. © 12Oct43; M14110. 4Dec70; R496174.

    232. © 14Oct43; M14111. 4Dec70; R496175.

    233. © 19Oct43; M14149. 4Dec70; R496176.

    234. © 21Oct43; M14150. 4Dec70; R496177.

    235. © 26Oct43; M14151. 4Dec70; R496178.

    236. © 28Oct43; M14152. 4Dec70; R496179.

    237. © 2Nov43; M14251. 4Dec70; R496181.

    238. © 4Nov43; M14252. 4Dec70; R496182.

    239. © 9Nov43; M14253. 4Dec70; R496183.

    240. © 11Nov43; M14254. 4Dec70; R495184.

    241. © 16Nov43; M14365. 4Dec70; R496186.

    242. © 18Nov43; M14366. 4Dec70; R496187.

    243. © 23Nov43; M14367. 4Dec70; R496188.

    244. © 25Nov43; M14368. 4Dec70; R496189.

    245. © 30Nov43; M14369. 4Dec70; R496190.

  UNUSUAL OCCUPATION L2-3, a motion picture in 1 reel by Paramount
    Pictures. © 12Feb43; M13280. National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
    (PWH); 21Dec70; R497376.


                                   V

  THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN, a series of photoplays by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. 2 reels each. © Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH)

    Chap. no.

    1. Trouble in Canyon City. © 17Dec42; L11774. 19Nov70; R495117.

    2. The mystery of Ghost Town. © 24Dec42; L11775. 19Nov70; R495118.

    3. Danger walks by night. © 31Dec42; L11776. 19Nov70; R495119.

    4. Hillside horror. © 7Jan43; L11777. 16Dec70; R496538.

    5. Guns in the night. © 15Jan43; L11831. 16Dec70; R496540.

    6. The bottomless well. © 22Jan43; L11832. 16Dec70; R496541.

    7. The man in the gold mask. © 29Jan43; L11833. 16Dec70; R496542.

  VENGEANCE OF THE WEST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 3Sep42; L11941. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    24Aug70; R490028.

  VICTORY THROUGH AIR POWER, a motion picture in 4 reels by Walt Disney
    Productions. © 24Jun43; M13981. Walt Disney Productions (PWH);
    8Jul70; R487722.

  VICTORY VEHICLES, a photoplay in 1 reel by Walt Disney Productions. ©
    2Jun43; L12271. Walt Disney Productions (PWH); 8Jul70; R487721

  VOICE IN THE WIND, a photoplay in 9 reels by Arthur Ripley-Rudolph
    Monter Productions. © 14Dec43; L12511. Film Archives Trading Co.
    (PWH); 14Dec70; R496530.


                                   W

  WAGON TRACKS WEST, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    13Jul43; L12163. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496350.

  WALTER LANTZ CARTUNE. See

    RATION BORED.

  WALTER LANTZ SWING SYMPHONY. See

    PASS THE BISCUITS MIRANDY.

  WAR DOGS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Loew's. © 22Sep43; M14244.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 24Sep70; R491619.

  WATER WISDOM, a motion picture in one reel by Loew's. © 2Dec43;
    M14420. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 7Dec70; R496598.

  WEAPONS FOR VICTORY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (The World today) © 7May43; M14907. Twentieth
    Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70; R497087.

  THE WEST SIDE KID, a photoplay in 6 reels by Republic Productions. ©
    5Aug43; L12257. Repix, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of National
    Telefilm Associates, Inc. (PWH); 8Dec70; R496359.

  WESTERN COWGIRL, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 25Jun43; M13707. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 28Aug70; R490523.

  WHAT WE ARE FIGHTING FOR, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 5May43; M13550. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 26Aug70; R490506.

  WHAT'S BUZZIN' BUZZARD? A motion picture in 2 reels by Loew's. ©
    1Dec43; M14425. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 4Dec70; R496087.

  WHAT'S YOUR I.Q. See

    TIPS ON TRIPS.

  WHISTLING IN BROOKLYN, a photoplay in 9 reels by Loew's. © 24Sep43;
    L12334. Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 29Sep70; R492180.

  WHITE SAVAGE, a photoplay in 8 reels by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    23Apr43; L12021. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 18Aug70; R489844.

  WHO'S NEXT, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    28Jul43; M13807. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep70; R490537.

  WINGS FOR THE FLEDGLING, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia
    Pictures Corp. © 31Dec42; M14316. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
    (PWH); 19Nov70; R495130.

  WINTER PARADISE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures Corp.
    (World of sports, no. 84) © 8Dec42; M13460. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Nov70; R495127.

  WINTERTIME, a photoplay in 9 reels by Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    © 17Sep43; L12454. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp. (PWH); 17Dec70;
    R497067.

  WIRELESS WARNING. See

    THE SECRET CODE. Chap. no. 5.

  WIZARD OF AUTOS, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co.
    © 27Sep43; M13997. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491964.

  WIZARD OF THE FAIRWAY, a motion picture in 1 reel by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. (World of sports, no. 83) © 6Nov42; M13459. Columbia Pictures
    Industries, Inc. (PWH); 19Oct70; R492982.

  WOMEN IN BLUE, a motion picture in 1 reel by Twentieth Century-Fox
    Film Corp. © 16Jul43; M14822. Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
    (PWH); 17Dec70; R497082.

  WORLD OF SPORTS. See

    CANVAS CUT-UPS.

    LADIES DAY IN SPORTS.

    TROTTING KINGS.

    WINTER PARADISE.

    WIZARD OF THE FAIRWAY.

  WORLD TODAY. See

    ACCENT ON COURAGE.

    WEAPONS FOR VICTORY.


                                   Y

  YANKEE DOODLE DANDY, a photoplay in 126 min. by Warner Bros. Pictures.
    © 2Jan43; L11830. Agnes M. Cohan (PWH); 12Oct70; R492101.

  YOU WERE NEVER LOVLIER, a photoplay in 10 reels by Columbia Pictures
    Corp. © 19Oct42; L11650. Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. (PWH);
    21Sep70; R491142.

  YOUNG IDEAS, a photoplay in 8 reels by Loew's. © 13Jul43; L12192.
    Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH); 15Jul70; R488046.

  YOU'RE A LUCKY FELLOW, MR. SMITH, a photoplay in 7 reels by Universal
    Pictures Co. © 30Sep43; L12312. Universal Pictures, a division of
    Universal City Studios, Inc. (PWH); 5Oct70; R491960.

  YUKON OUTPOST, a motion picture in 1 reel by Universal Pictures Co. ©
    29Jul43; M13830. Universal Pictures, a division of Universal City
    Studios, Inc. (PWH); 1Sep70; R490539.


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.




                               NAME INDEX


An index to the names of claimants, producing and releasing companies,
sponsors, and authors given in the main entries. Below each name are the
titles under which the main entries are to be found. Renewal
registrations are identified by the symbol (R).


                                   A

 ACI Productions, Inc.
   NIKO, BOY OF GREECE.

 ADM Film Productions, Inc.
   URBANIA.

 A.S.C. Holding Corp.
   THE MOVING PICTURE CAMERA.

 A/S Palladium.
   WITHOUT A STITCH.

 A-V Corp. Teaching Films, Inc. Division.
   SEE Teaching Films, Inc.

 Abbott, Sheldon.
   ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.
   BATTERY TESTING.
   THE FOUR STROKE CYCLE ENGINE.
   HOW TO READ A MICROMETER.
   PAINTING.
   STEERING GEOMETRY.

 Adams, T. M.
   BASE CHARACTERISTICS.
   COLLECTOR CHARACTERISTICS.
   COMMON BASE AMPLIFIER.
   COMMON COLLECTOR AMPLIFIER.
   COMMON EMITTER AMPLIFIER.
   CURRENT TRANSFER RATIO--HYBRID.
   INPUT RESISTANCE--HYBRID.
   OUTPUT ADMITTANCE--HYBRID.
   TRANSISTOR BIASING.
   TUBES AND TRANSISTORS COMPARED.
   VOLTAGE FEEDBACK RATIO--HYBRID.

 Adel Productions.
   BORSALINO.

 Aegis Productions, Inc.
   THYROID CANCER: DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT.

 Aerojet-General Corp.
   OPPORTUNITY AND THE GOOD LIFE.
   WE THE PEOPLE.

 Alexander, Seth.
   COMMUNITY MANNERS.
   LEARNING TO DO THINGS FOR YOURSELF.
   SCHOOL MANNERS.
   THE VALENTINE MYSTERY.
   WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU VISIT.

 Alfran Productions, Inc.
   LITTLE FAUSS AND BIG HALSY.

 Alkire, Sidney.
   EXPONENTS.

 Allen, Helen.
   FARM BABIES, WAKE UP.
   A FOURTH OF JULY ADVENTURE.
   TREES FOR ARBOR DAY.

 Allen (Irving) Ltd.
   CROMWELL.

 Alpha Corp. of America.
   OF LIFE AND DEATH.

 Altschul (Gilbert) Productions, Inc.
   AIR POLLUTION.
   THE BUSINESS OFFICE: MAKING THINGS HAPPEN.
   INDEPENDENT STUDY.

 Ameran Films, Ltd.
   THE GREEKS HAVE A NEW WORD.

 American Anthropological Assn.
   THE BUSHMAN IN THE KALAHARI.
   HASANABAD.

 American Bankers Assn., New York.
   ECONOMIC STABILITY: THE QUEST AND THE QUESTIONS.

 American Broadcasting Companies, Inc.
   CUSTER OF THE WEST.
   KRAKATOA: EAST OF JAVA.
   THE PANTHERS.

 American Broadcasting Co. Merchandising, Inc.
   AUSTRALIA: INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION.
   AUSTRALIA: THE LAND AND ITS PRODUCTS.
   NEW ZEALAND: PROSPERITY BASED ON TRADE.

 American Cancer Society, Inc.
   CARING FOR THE PATIENT WITH A COLOSTOMY.
   DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF CANCER OF THE PROSTATE.
   THE DRUMBEATER.
   I'LL BUY THAT.
   IT'S UP TO YOU.
   JOURNEY INTO DARKNESS.
   LUISA TENIA RAZON.
   LUNG CANCER: EARLY DIAGNOSIS AND MANAGEMENT.
   THE ODYSSEY OF DR. PAP.
   THE PHARMACIST AND CANCER.
   PRACTICAL APPROACHES TO THE NURSING MANAGEMENT OF THE CANCER PATIENT.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF THE NURSE-FAMILY RELATIONSHIP IN CANCER.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF THE NURSE-PATIENT RELATIONSHIP.
   THYROID CANCER: DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT.
   THE WINNERS.

 American Cancer Society, Inc. Florida Division.
   CARING FOR THE PATIENT WITH A COLOSTOMY.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF THE NURSE-FAMILY RELATIONSHIP IN CANCER.
   PSYCHOLOGICAL ASPECTS OF THE NURSE-PATIENT RELATIONSHIP.

 American Cancer Society, Inc. Iowa Division.
   DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF CANCER OF THE PROSTATE.

 American Institute of Mining, Metallurgical & Petroleum Engineers, Inc.
   FUNDAMENTALS OF RESERVOIR ENGINEERING.
   STATISTICS FOR PETROLEUM ENGINEERS.

 American International Pictures.
   CYCLE SAVAGES.
   SCREAM AND SCREAM AGAIN.

 American International Pictures, Inc.
   BORA BORA.

 American International Productions.
   THE DUNWICH HORROR.

 American Personnel & Guidance Assn.
   BEHAVIOR THERAPY OR CLIENT-CENTERED THERAPY: A DEBATE BETWEEN JOHN D.
      KRUMBOLTZ AND C. H. PATTERSON.
   C. H. PATTERSON: CLIENT-CENTERED COUNSELING.
   CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP.
   RUDOLPH DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

 American Society of Clinical Pathologists.
   CONTINUOUS FLOW ANALYSIS.

 American Training Academy.
   APPROACH AND PRESENTATION.
   BREAKING THE FEAR HABIT.
   THE FEAR HABIT.
   HANDLING OBJECTIONS & CLOSING.
   ORGANIZING FOR SALES.
   PLANNING THE PRESENTATION.

 Amicus Productions, Ltd.
   THE MIND OF MR. SOAMES.

 Anchor Conveyors.
   SUBMARINES AT WILLOW RUN.

 Andersen, Hans Christian.
   THE EMPEROR AND THE NIGHTINGALE.

 Anderson, Robert.
   I NEVER SANG FOR MY FATHER.

 Anglo-American Productions, Inc.
   FOREVER AND A DAY. (R)

 Anton & Associates.
   SPONDYLOLYSIS: LUMBAR NEURAL ARCH.

 Apostolides, Virginia.
   JORINDA AND JORINGEL.
   RAPUNZEL.
   RIP VAN WINKLE.
   RUMPELSTILTSKIN.

 Appleton-Century-Crofts.
   PERCEPTION.
   SURVEY OF THE PRIMATES.

 Arden (Hal Marc) & Co.
   THE WILDLIFE OF RANGER RICK.

 Arkansas Bus & Truck Assn., Inc.
   THE SAGA OF CHARLEY TRUCKLEBUS.

 Arno Press.
   BLACK MEN AND IRON HORSES.
   THE LADY IN THE LINCOLN MEMORIAL.
   OH, FREEDOM.

 Arnold Productions, Inc.
   HANGMEN ALSO DIE. (R)

 Associated Press.
   CHINA IN PERSPECTIVE: ROOTS OF CIVILIZATION.

 Association of American Geographers.
   HIGH SCHOOL GEOGRAPHY: NEW INSIGHTS.

 Atlantis Productions, Inc.
   ANCIENT PHOENICIA AND HER CONTRIBUTIONS.
   PROBLEMS OF THE MIDDLE EAST (REVISED)
   RICKY'S GREAT ADVENTURE.

 Atticus Productions.
   I WALK THE LINE.

 Audibank.
   INTRODUCTION TO TRUSTS.

 Audio Productions.
   THE WINNERS.

 Audio-Visual Center, Indiana University.
   SEE Indiana. University. Audio-Visual Center.

 Avco Embassy Pictures Corp.
   THE ADVENTURERS.

 Avi Associates, Inc.
   ENVIRONMENT OF MAN.
   PRIMARY ECONOMICS.
   TOBACCO: HARMFUL SUBSTANCE, DEADLY HABIT.


                                   B

 B.B.S. Productions.
   FIVE EASY PIECES.

 Baldwin, Willard.
   SEE Waica Films.

 Barr, Kenneth.
   THE CROW, PEOPLE OF THE GREAT PLAINS.
   FROM ABOLITION MOVEMENTS TO CIVIL WAR, 1850-1865.
   FROM RECONSTRUCTION TO JIM CROW, 1865-1898.
   IROQUOIS, PEOPLE OF THE LONGHOUSE.

 Barrie, James Matthew.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 Barton, Virginia.
   IRRIGATION.
   THINGS THAT BOUNCE.

 Baum, L. Frank.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 Base, Russell D.
   TORNADO ON JUNE 1, 1970, IN JERSEY COUNTY, ILLINOIS.

 Beecham, Inc.
   [HORLICKS CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Behrens Co., Inc.
   CHRISTMAS IS KID'S STUFF.

 Belafonte Enterprises, Inc.
   THE ANGEL LEVINE.

 Berman (Pandro S.) Productions, Inc.
   MOVE.

 Berven Carpets Corp.
   WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT.

 Betzer Productions, Inc.
   BE CREDIT-WISE.

 Binney & Smith, Inc.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 Bjørneboe, Jens.
   WITHOUT A STITCH.

 Blackside, Inc.
   AFRICAN ANCESTRY.
   BLACK PARTICIPATION IN THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE BLACK REVOLUTION.
   BLACK VIEWPOINTS ON THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.
   BROADENING PERSPECTIVES.
   THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT.
   FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
   JIM CROW AND THE PROGRESSIVES.
   RECONSTRUCTION.
   SLAVERY IN AMERICA.

 Blair, Jacqueline.
   A NEWCOMER COMES TO TOWN.

 Blakiston Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Blakiston Division.

 Blank, Minerva.
   HEMATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.

 Bober, Richard.
   THE RENAISSANCE.
   SPLENDOR OF ANCIENT GREECE.
   WORLD OF ANCIENT ROME.

 Bodler, Edward, Jr.
   DOING AN ASSIGNMENT.
   MAKING AN OUTLINE.
   USING A LIBRARY.
   [VOCABULARY BUILDING]

 Bokor, Sylvia.
   A GOOD CITIZEN IN SCHOOL.

 Bosustow (Stephen) Productions.
   HOW THE ELEPHANT GOT HIS TRUNK.
   HOW THE FIRST LETTER WAS WRITTEN.
   HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE SPECIAL JOBS: THE MAN WHO MADE SPINNING TOPS.
   WHY WE HAVE TAXES: THE TOWN THAT HAD NO POLICEMAN.
   WHY WE USE MONEY: THE FISHERMAN WHO NEEDED A KNIFE.

 Bowles, D. Richard.
   EARLY TEXAS HOMES.

 Bowmar, Inc.
   SEE Bowmar Records, Inc.

 Bowmar Records, Inc.
   ABOUT MYSELF.
   THE AMERICAN COWBOY.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.
   I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.
   THE WORLD AROUND ME.

 Bradley, Omar N.
   PATTON.

 Brand, Paul J.
   THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

 Brandon, Liane.
   SOMETIMES I WONDER WHO I AM.

 Bratton, Otis L.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

 Brent, Anne.
   GROWING UP TO BE A GOOD CITIZEN.
   LEARNING TO HELP OTHERS.
   LEARNING TO LISTEN CAREFULLY.
   ORAL REPORTS: HOW TO TALK OUT LOUD.
   RECOGNIZING INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES.

 Bresnan, James.
   FROM AFRICA TO THE NEW WORLD, 1000-1713.

 Bresnan, Richard.
   THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN AND ICHABOD CRANE.
   THINGS THAT FALL.

 Brighton Pictures, Inc.
   UNDERGROUND.

 Brison, Guy.
   BABY BIRDS, HIGH AND LOW.

 Broadman Films.
   A CHURCH TRAINING YOUTH.
   A LEARNING ENVIRONMENT FOR CHILDREN.
   THE LETTERS OF JOHN.
   THE LIFE AND MINISTRY OF OUR LORD.
   OUR TEACHING TASK.
   SUNDAY SCHOOL PROGRAM 1970-71.
   SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK WITH FOUR'S AND FIVE'S.
   TEACHING BIBLE SEARCHERS.
   TEACHING FOURS AND FIVES.
   TEACHING TWOS AND THREES.
   USING MUSIC WITH CHILDREN.
   USING THE CASE STUDY IN TEACHING AND TRAINING.
   USING THE LECTURE IN TEACHING AND TRAINING.
   WORKING WITH YOUNG ADULTS IN SUNDAY SCHOOL.
   YOUTH SUNDAY SCHOOL WORK.

 Brodshaug, Melvin.
   BOSTON: THE NEW AND THE HISTORIC.
   LEXINGTON AND CONCORD, APRIL 19, 1775.
   LITERARY NEW ENGLAND: MID-NINETEENTH CENTURY.
   PLYMOUTH: A PILGRIM PLANTATION.
   WASHINGTON, D.C.

 Brother (D. P.) & Co.
   SALES SUPPORT IN ACTION.

 Brown, Kenneth.
   CHANGING CURRENTS OF CIVIL RIGHTS, 1942-1960.
   FROM ABOLITION MOVEMENTS TO CIVIL WAR, 1850-1865.
   FROM AFRICA TO THE NEW WORLD, 1000-1713.
   FROM RECONSTRUCTION TO JIM CROW, 1865-1898.
   LEADERS WHO LEFT THEIR MARK.
   LIFE IN THE NEW AMERICAN COLONIES, 1713-1792.
   THE LONG HARD STRUGGLE, 1898-1942.
   THE PLANTATION SYSTEM, 1790-1850.
   YEARS OF CHALLENGE, 1960-1970.

 Budd (Billy) Films, Inc.
   HOLY SMOKE.

 Budek Films & Slides of California.
   RAOUL DUFY.

 Budek, Herbert E.
   AMBROGIO LORENZETTI.
   DUCCIO DI BUONINSEGNA.
   FILIPPO LIPPI.
   FRA ANGELICO.
   JEAN BAPTISTE CHARDIN.
   LEONARDO DA VINCI.
   PIETRO LORENZETTI.
   SIMONE MARTINI.

 Budek (Herbert E.) Films & Slides.
   AMEDEO MODIGLIANI.
   CORREGGIO.
   G. B. TIEPOLO.
   GUSTAVE COURBET.
   MICHELANGELO'S FRESCOES IN THE SISTINE CHAPEL.
   PIERRE BONNARD.
   RAOUL DUFY.

 Buena Vista Distribution Co., Inc.
   THE ARISTOCATS.
   THE BOATNIKS.
   DAD, CAN I BORROW THE CAR.
   THE WILD COUNTRY.

 Buffington, Veronica.
   ALL AROUND WITH CIRCLES.
   ANGLES AND MORE ANGLES.
   DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT.
   PUNCTUATION: THERE'S A DRAGON IN MY BACKYARD.
   USING REFERENCE MATERIALS.

 Buffington, Virginia.
   LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.

 Buford, Gordon.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Burch, Robert.
   JOEY'S CAT.

 Burgard, Beverlie.
   GUIDING THE SEX EDUCATION OF CHILDREN.
   THE NEW PARENT LEARNS TO LIVE WITH BABY.

 Burgard, Victor.
   ADVANCED TOPICS IN QUADRATIC EQUATIONS.
   COMPLETION OF THE SQUARE.
   DETERMINANTS BY MINORS.
   EQUATIONS OF STRAIGHT LINE.
   FUNDAMENTAL OPERATIONS.
   POLYNOMIALS.
   PRODUCTS.
   TYPE FACTORING.
   VARIATION.

 Burke, Andrew.
   BROWN RICE.

 Burnett, Frances Hodgson.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 Burns, Robert.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

 Butman, Alexander M.
   ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE FOOT SOLDIER.
   HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR.
   SUPPORTING SERVICES.
   THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE WAR ON THE WATER.

 Byron, George Gordon Noël Byron, 6th baron.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.


                                   C

 CB Communications.
   DO YOUR OWN THING.

 CBS Enterprises, Inc.
   ALADDIN'S LAMP. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN CAMOUFLAGE. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN SOMEWHERE IN EGYPT. (R)
   THE LION AND THE MOUSE. (R)
   MOPPING UP. (R)
   SUPER MOUSE IN DOWN WITH CATS. (R)
   SUPER MOUSE RIDES AGAIN. (R)

 California. Dept. of Education.
   TOWARD IMPROVING COMPUTATION.

 California State Dept. of Education.
   SEE California. Dept. of Education.

 Callas, Maria.
   [HOW DO I LEARN?]

 Caltex Petroleum Corp.
   FINDERS KEEPERS.
   MAKE YOUR MARKET PAY.
   ONLY PEOPLE PRODUCE PROFITS.
   THERE'S NO BUSINESS LIKE NEW BUSINESS.

 Calvin Productions, Inc.
   COURTESY ON THE COURSE.

 Campus Film Productions, Inc.
   THE PHARMACIST AND CANCER.

 Carini, Edward.
   [HOW DO I LEARN?]

 Carmer, Carl.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Carmer, Elizabeth.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Carson, Marjorie E.
   BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING.

 Cartier Productions, Inc.
   THE LANDLORD.

 Cavalcade Productions, Inc.
   WATER.

 Cayea, John.
   CORTES IN THE LAND OF THE AZTECS.
   FAVORITE POEMS OF AMERICAN PATRIOTISM.
   THE LONG HARD STRUGGLE, 1898-1942.

 Ceniceros, Blair.
   READING: CRITICISM.
   RUN-TOGETHER SENTENCES.
   SENTENCE FRAGMENTS.

 Ceniceros, John B.
   AGREEMENT.

 Center for Mass Communication, Columbia University Press.
   SEE Columbia University Press. Center for Mass Communication.

 Centron Corp., Inc.
   ECONOMIC STABILITY: THE QUEST AND THE QUESTIONS.
   HANDLING DANGEROUS CHEMICALS: ACIDS.
   HANDLING DANGEROUS CHEMICALS: BASES.
   REPORTING AND EXPLAINING.
   SIMPLE TECHNIQUES IN SHAPING GLASS.
   [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES]
   TECHNIQUES: TITRATION OF AN ACID WITH A BASE.
   TECHNIQUES: USE OF VOLUMETRIC GLASSWARE.

 Centron Educational Films.
   HANDLING DANGEROUS CHEMICALS: ACIDS.
   HANDLING DANGEROUS CHEMICALS: BASES.
   REPORTING AND EXPLAINING.
   SIMPLE TECHNIQUES IN SHAPING GLASS.
   [SPACE SCIENCE FOR ELEMENTARY GRADES]
   TECHNIQUES: TITRATION OF AN ACID WITH A BASE.
   TECHNIQUES: USE OF VOLUMETRIC GLASSWARE.

 Chapman, Victoria.
   LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.
   LIFE IN THE DARK AGES.
   LIFE IN THE MIDDLE AGES.
   MESOPOTAMIA, CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.
   SPLENDOR OF ANCIENT GREECE.

 Chenault Productions, Inc.
   HELLO, DOLLY.

 Chorao, Kay.
   THE ELVES AMD THE SHOEMAKER.
   MORE PARTS OF SPEECH: THE CASE OF THE MISSING MONEY BAG.
   WHEN TO BE A LEADER, WHEN TO BE A FOLLOWER.

 Chrislaw Productions, Inc.
   THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.

 Christensen, Peter.
   AROUND THE WORLD WITH MAGELLAN.

 Christian Science Board of Directors.
   SEE First Church of Christ, Scientist, Boston. Board of Directors.

 Chrysler Corp.
   AS THE CHALLENGER CHALLENGES.
   CAN YOU FEATURE THAT.
   CHEVY VAN CHALLENGES TRADESMAN.
   DODGE'S HIGH STANDARDS, A QUICK LOOK AT POLARA AND MONACO FOR 1971.
   FOR ALL THE LIVING YOU DO, CHRYSLER COMES THROUGH.
   GET ON BASE.
   KEEP A TIGHT LINE ON THE HOT ONES.
   KEEP IT CONVERSATIONAL.
   KEYSTONE OF CONFIDENCE.
   [1971 BARRACUDA FEATURES]
   1971 CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH FURY COMING THROUGH BIG.
   [1971 DART/DEMON PRODUCT FILM]
   1971 DODGE TRUCKS: MAXIVALUE.
   [1971 ENGINEERING FEATURES]
   [1971 MARKET ORIENTATION FILM]
   [1971 OPTIONS]
   [1971 VALIANT/DUSTER FEATURES]
   PEOPLE PLEASERS.
   THE POWER OF SOFT-PRESSURE SELLING.
   POWER STEERING FUNDAMENTALS.
   REAR AXLE.
   THE SIX-POSITION PRESENTATION.
   WINDSHIELD WIPERS, FUNDAMENTALS AND DIAGNOSIS.

 Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.
   GET ON BASE.
   KEEP A TIGHT LINE ON THE HOT ONES.
   KEEP IT CONVERSATIONAL.
   KEYSTONE OF CONFIDENCE.
   THE POWER OF SOFT-PRESSURE SELLING.

 Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.
   AS THE CHALLENGER CHALLENGES.
   CAN YOU FEATURE THAT.
   CHEVY VAN CHALLENGES TRADESMAN.
   DODGE'S HIGH STANDARDS, A QUICK LOOK AT POLARA AND MONACO FOR 1971.
   THE SIX-POSITION PRESENTATION.

 Chrysler Institute, Marketing Training Dept.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Primary Assn.
   WHAT ABOUT THAD.

 Churchward, Charles.
   THINGS THAT STICK.

 Cinaquarius Productions, Inc.
   SEE Love Story Co.

 Cinerama, Inc.
   THE LAST GRENADE.

 Cinerama Releasing Corp.
   CHANGE OF MIND.
   HONEYMOON KILLERS.
   HOW TO COMMIT MARRIAGE.
   KRAKATOA: EAST OF JAVA.
   THE LAST GRENADE.

 Claiborne (William) Inc.
   ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

 Clark, Robert.
   CHAMPLAIN IN THE WILDERNESS.

 Clorox Co.
   WASHING THE WEARABLES: A GUIDE TO HOME LAUNDERING.

 Clover Park School District 400.
   SEE Lakewood Center, Wash. Clover Park School District 400.

 Coatsworth, Elizabeth.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Coca-Cola Co.
   SNACK TIME.
   SPACE.

 Cochanski, Edward.
   POLLUTION.

 Cohan, Agnes M.
   YANKEE DOODLE DANDY. (R)

 Colbert, Stanley.
   HORNET'S NEST.

 Coleridge, Samuel Taylor.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

 Coleytown Productions, Inc.
   WUSA.

 College of Arts & Architecture, Pennsylvania State University.
   SEE Pennsylvania. State University. College of Arts & Architecture.
      Dept. of Theater Arts & Music.

 Colorado. University. Regents.
   BEHAVIOR OF A PURPLE BACTERIUM.
   CHEMICAL COMMUNICATION.
   ENGLEMANN'S INQUIRY INTO PHOTOSYNTHESIS.
   FEEDING BEHAVIOR OF HYDRA.
   FEEDING MECHANISMS OF OYSTER DRILLS.
   FLOWERING.
   FOSSIL INTERPRETATION.
   GENE FLOW IN A CALIFORNIA SALAMANDER.
   GENETICS OF BACTERIAL NUTRITION.
   IMPRINTING.
   LOCOMOTION IN AN AMOEBA.
   NERVES AND HEARTBEAT RATE.
   PHOTORECEPTION AND FLOWERING.
   PLANARIA BEHAVIOR.
   PREY DETECTION IN THE RATTLESNAKE.
   REGENERATION IN ACETABULARIA.
   STRUCTURE, FUNCTION AND FEEDING BEHAVIOR IN HERONS.
   A STUDY OF FROG DEVELOPMENT.
   A STUDY OF OAK POPULATIONS.
   TEMPORAL PATTERNS OF ANIMAL ACTIVITY.

 Columbia Broadcasting System, Inc.
   CBS PLAYHOUSE.
   MY THREE SONS.
   60 MINUTES.
   THE 21ST CENTURY.
   WHO, WHAT, WHEN, WHERE, WHY.
   THE WILD, WILD WEST.

 Columbia Hospital for Women, George Washington University School of
    Medicine.
   SEE George Washington University. School of Medicine. Columbia
      Hospital for Women.

 Columbia Pictures.
   CROMWELL.
   I WALK THE LINE.
   MACHINE GUN MCCAIN.
   THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT.

 Columbia Pictures Corp.
   ALAN COURTNEY'S 1280 CLUB. (R)
   AMERICAN SINGS WITH KATE SMITH. (R)
   BAD MEN OF THE HILLS. (R)
   A BAND IS BORN. (R)
   A BLITZ ON THE FRITZ. (R)
   THE BOOGIE MAN WILL GET YOU. (R)
   BOOMSVILLE.
   BOSTON BLACKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   CAJUNS OF THE TECHE. (R)
   CANVAS CUT-UPS. (R)
   CARRY HARRY. (R)
   COLLEGE BELLES. (R)
   COMMANDOS STRIKE AT DAWN. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   COUNTER-ESPIONAGE. (R)
   THE DARING YOUNG MAN. (R)
   ENEMY AGENTS MEET ELLERY QUEEN. (R)
   EVEN AS I O U. (R)
   A FABLE.
   FIVE EASY PIECES.
   FOOTLIGHT GLAMOUR. (R)
   THE GREAT GLOVER. (R)
   THE GREEKS HAVE A NEW WORD.
   HAM AND YEGGS. (R)
   HIS WEDDING SCARE. (R)
   A JOURNEY TO DENALI. (R)
   JUNIOR ARMY. (R)
   KISS AND WAKE UP. (R)
   THE KITCHEN QUIZ. (R)
   LADIES DAY IN SPORTS. (R)
   LAUGH YOUR BLUES AWAY. (R)
   LIGHTNING STRIKES TWICE. (R)
   THE LONE PRAIRIE. (R)
   LUCKY LEGS. (R)
   MAGIC MACHINES AND OTHER TRICKS.
   A MAN'S WORLD. (R)
   THE MIND OF MR. SOAMES.
   MR. SMUG. (R)
   MY SISTER EILEEN. (R)
   A NIGHT TO REMEMBER. (R)
   ODDITIES. (R)
   OLD AND MODERN NEW ORLEANS. (P.)
   ONE DANGEROUS NIGHT. (R)
   OUR SECOND FRONT. (R)
   OVERLAND TO DEADWOOD. (R)
   PARDON MY GUN. (R)
   PEOPLE SOUP.
   PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. (R)
   PHONY CRONIES. (R)
   PIANO MOONER. (R)
   PRAIRIE GUNSMOKE. (R)
   RIDING THROUGH NEVADA. (R)
   SABOTAGE SQUAD. (R)
   SAPPY PAPPY. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   THE SECRET CODE. (R)
   SMITH OF MINNESOTA. (R)
   SOCK-A-BYE BABY. (R)
   THE SPIRIT OF STANFORD. (R)
   STAND BY ALL NETWORKS. (R)
   THEY STOOGE TO CONGA. (R)
   A TORNADO IN THE SADDLE. (R)
   TROTTING KINGS. (R)
   UNDERGROUND AGENT. (R)
   THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. (R)
   VENGEANCE OF THE WEST. (R)
   WINGS FOR THE FLEDGLING. (R)
   WINTER PARADISE. (R)
   WIZARD OF THE FAIRWAY. (R)
   YOU WERE NEVER LOVLIER. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc.
   ALAN COURTNEY'S 1280 CLUB. (R)
   AMERICA SINGS WITH KATE SMITH. (R)
   BAD MEN OF THE HILLS. (R)
   A BAND IS BORN. (R)
   A BLITZ ON THE FRITZ. (R)
   THE BOOGIE MAN WILL GET YOU. (R)
   BOSTON BLACKIE GOES TO HOLLYWOOD. (R)
   CAJUNS OF THE TECHE. (R)
   CANVAS CUT-UPS. (R)
   CARRY HARRY. (R)
   CHOLLY POLLY. (R)
   COLLEGE BELLES. (R)
   COMMANDOS STRIKE AT DAWN. (R)
   COMMUNITY SING. (R)
   COUNTER-ESPIONAGE. (R)
   THE DARING YOUNG MAN. (R)
   THE DUMBCONSCIOUS MIND. (R)
   ENEMY AGENTS MEET ELLERY QUEEN. (R)
   EVEN AS I O U. (R)
   THE GREAT GLOVER. (R)
   THE GULLIBLE CANARY. (R)
   HAM AND YEGGS. (R)
   HEARTS.
   HIS WEDDING SCARE. (R)
   I NEVER SANG FOR MY FATHER.
   I WALK THE LINE.
   A JOURNEY TO DENALI. (R)
   JUNIOR ARMY. (R)
   KING MIDAS JUNIOR. (R)
   KISS AND WAKE UP. (R)
   THE KITCHEN QUIZ. (R)
   LADIES DAY IN SPORTS. (R)
   LAUGH YOUR BLUES AWAY. (R)
   LIGHTNING STRIKES TWICE. (R)
   THE LONE PRAIRIE. (R)
   LUCKY LEGS. (R)
   MALICE IN SLUMBERLAND. (R)
   A MAN'S WORLD. (R)
   MR. SMUG. (R)
   MY SISTER EILEEN. (R)
   A NIGHT TO REMEMBER. (R)
   ODDITIES. (R)
   OLD AND MODERN NEW ORLEANS. (R)
   OLD BLACKOUT JOE. (R)
   ONE DANGEROUS NIGHT. (R)
   OUR SECOND FRONT. (R)
   OVERLAND TO DEADWOOD. (R)
   PARDON MY GUN. (R)
   PERILS OF THE ROYAL MOUNTED. (R)
   PHONY CRONIES. (R)
   PIANO MOONER. (R)
   PRAIRIE GUNSMOKE. (R)
   R.P.M.*, *REVOLUTIONS PER MINUTE.
   RIDING THROUGH NEVADA. (R)
   SABOTAGE SQUAD. (R)
   SAPPY PAPPY. (R)
   SCREEN SNAPSHOTS. (R)
   THE SECRET CODE. (R)
   SLAY IT WITH FLOWERS. (R)
   SMITH OF MINNESOTA. (R)
   SOCK-A-BYE BABY. (R)
   SONG OF VICTORY. (H)
   THE SPIRIT OF STANFORD. (R)
   STAND BY ALL NETWORKS. (R)
   THEY STOOGE TO CONGA. (R)
   TITO'S GUITAR. (R)
   TOLL BRIDGE TROUBLES. (R)
   A TORNADO IN THE SADDLE. (R)
   TROTTING KINGS. (R)
   UNDERGROUND AGENT. (R)
   THE VALLEY OF VANISHING MEN. (R)
   VENGEANCE OF THE WEST. (R)
   WINGS FOR THE FLEDGLING. (H)
   WINTER PARADISE. (R)
   WIZARD OF THE FAIRWAY. (R)
   YOU WERE NEVER LOVLIER. (R)

 Columbia Pictures Industries, Inc. Learning Co. of America Division.
   SEE Learning Co. of America.

 Columbia University Press. Center for Mass Communication.
   BRUCE.
   RANDY.

 Communications Group West/Hollywood.
   MEXICAN-AMERICAN CULTURE, ITS HERITAGE.

 Computer Image Corp.
   BUTTERFLY.
   INTRODUCTION TO FOURIER SERIES.
   MAP MEANINGS.
   STEEL.
   WAR.

 Computer Image Productions.
   INTRODUCTION TO FOURIER SERIES.

 Concepts Unlimited, Inc.
   BREAKFAST, I LOVE YOU.

 Cooper Films & Records, Inc.
   OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

 Corbin, William.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Corke, Bettina.
   POET/PHILOSOPHER.

 Corona Pictures, Ltd.
   ALIBI. (R)

 Coronet Films.
   PIONEER COMMUNITY.

 Coronet Instructional Films.
   AFRICAN FOLK TALES.
   AMERICAN FOLKLORE.
   AMERICAN INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   AMERICA'S HEROES: ABRAHAM LINCOLN.
   AMERICA'S HEROES: GEORGE WASHINGTON.
   ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE COURTSHIP.
   ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE ENGAGEMENT.
   AUTUMN COMES TO THE CITY.
   THE BIG LIGHTHOUSE AND THE LITTLE STEAMSHIP.
   A BOY'S JOURNEY THROUGH A DAY.
   DEMOCRACY: THE ROLE OF DISSENT.
   DEMOCRACY: YOUR VOICE CAN BE HEARD.
   DIRECTIONS FOR BEGINNERS: NORTH, SOUTH, EAST, WEST.
   THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE: PATTERNS OF USAGE.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.
   FUN WITH WORDS: FROM SENTENCES TO PARAGRAPHS.
   FUN WITH WORDS: FROM WORDS TO SENTENCES.
   GEOGRAPHY OF ALASKA AND HAWAII.
   GREEDY HANK'S BIG POCKET.
   GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.
   HAIKU: AN INTRODUCTION TO POETRY.
   ISRAEL: THE LAND AND THE PEOPLE.
   LEARNING ABOUT FRUITS WE EAT.
   LET'S MEASURE: USING STANDARD UNITS.
   LET'S TELL PICTURE STORIES.
   LITERATURE APPRECIATION: ANALYZING CHARACTERS.
   THE LONELY SCARECROW.
   MAP SKILLS: RECOGNIZING PHYSICAL FEATURES.
   MAPS AND MEANING TO HISTORY.
   MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: HOW MATERIALS CHANGE.
   MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: ITS SMALLEST PARTS.
   MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: MIXING AND DISSOLVING.
   MATTER, MATTER EVERYWHERE: SOLID, LIQUID, GAS.
   MIDWEST LITERATURE: THE CITY BACKGROUND.
   MIDWEST LITERATURE: THE FARM BACKGROUND.
   MIDWEST LITERATURE: THE TOWN BACKGROUND.
   THE NATURE OF LIFE: ENERGY AND LIVING THINGS.
   THE NATURE OF LIFE: RESPIRATION IN ANIMALS.
   THE NATURE OF LIFE: THE LIVING CELL.
   PHOTOSYNTHESES: THE BIOCHEMICAL PROCESS.
   PUBLIC SPEAKING: FUNDAMENTALS.
   READING STORIES: CHARACTERS AND SETTINGS.
   READING STORIES: PLOTS AND THEMES.
   THE SEED PLANTS.
   SEEING BRAZIL.
   SETTLING THE WEST.
   SOUTH AMERICAN FAMILIES.
   SOUTH SEA ISLAND LIFE: THE DOLPHIN HUNTERS.
   SOUTHWEST INDIAN FAMILIES.
   SPEECH SKILLS: USING YOUR VOICE EFFECTIVELY.
   STORIES ABOUT SHAPES.
   SUGAR IN TODAY'S WORLD.
   THUMBELINA, A HANS CHRISTIAN ANDERSEN TALE.
   USING OUR LANGUAGE: MODIFIERS.
   WASHINGTON, D.C.
   WE DISCOVER EQUIVALENT FRACTIONS.
   WE DISCOVER FRACTIONS.
   WE GO TO SCHOOL.
   WE USE THE NUMBER LINE.
   WINTER COMES TO THE CITY.
   WORK AROUND THE WORLD.
   WORMS: FLAT, ROUND AND SEGMENTED.
   YOUR STUDY SKILLS: DOING AN ASSIGNMENT.
   YOUR STUDY SKILLS: HOW TO USE A TEXTBOOK.
   YOUR STUDY SKILLS: REVIEWING FOR A TEST.
   YOUR STUDY SKILLS: TAKING NOTES FROM READING.
   YOUR STUDY SKILLS: USING REFERENCE MATERIALS.

 Corwin, Norman.
   THE WORLD OF CARL SANDBURG.

 Courlander, Harold.
   THE COW-TAIL SWITCH: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA.

 Crawford, Allen.
   BABY BIRDS, HIGH AND LOW.
   FOREST FAMILIES.

 Crawford, Thomas.
   BALBOA DISCOVERS THE PACIFIC.
   GEORGE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
   HERE COMES COLUMBUS DAY.
   THE RENAISSANCE.
   A SPOOKY TALE FOR HALLOWEEN.

 Creative Productions, Inc.
   YOUR PARLIAMENTARY PARTNER: MR. MAIN MOTION.

 Curry, Nancy.
   ABOUT MYSELF.
   I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.
   THE WORLD AROUND ME.

 Custer, R. Philip.
   HEMATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.


                                   D

 Dade County, Fla. School Board.
   PETS CAN READ.

 Dairy Council of California.
   HOW A HAMBURGER TURNS INTO YOU.
   VITAMINS FROM FOOD.

 Dart Industries, Inc.
   DATING.
   DELIVERY.
   A DIALOGUE ON DATING.
   GAMES AND INTRODUCTORY REMARKS.
   PARTY PLANNING.
   PRODUCT DEMONSTRATION.
   STOP AND GO LEARNING FOR TUPPERWARE DEALERS.
   TABLE SHOPPING.

 Davidson Films.
   CARTESIAN GRAPHING.
   GENERAL ORDER RELATIONS.
   HIGH SCHOOL GEOGRAPHY: NEW INSIGHTS.
   MODELS: WHEN TO ADD OR SUBTRACT.
   SIMILARITY.
   SUBTRACTION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.

 Davis, Beau R.
   SEE Davis, Edward R.

 Davis, Edward R.
   BRAINWASH '70.

 Davis, Joan.
   THE BENGAL TIGER.
   A WALK IN THE WOODS.

 Dawson, Ted D.
   HOMES IN OTHER LANDS.
   HOMES IN OUR COUNTRY.
   INDIANS: THE FIRST AMERICANS.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE METRIC SYSTEM.
   PIONEERS: THEIR PLIGHTS AND DELIGHTS.

 Decision Media, Inc.
   BAG BREATHING.
   CARDIO-PULMONARY RESUSCITATION.
   A CASE STUDY.
   CUFF AND CANNULA.
   REACTION TO CRISIS.
   SUCTIONING.
   VENTILATOR CHECKS.

 Defoe, Daniel.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 De Laczay, Ettie.
   JOHNNY APPLESEED.
   PECOS BILL AND LIGHTNING.
   THINGS THAT FLOAT.

 DeLage, Ida.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 De la Ramee, Louisa.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 Delcon Productions.
   FIND IT, KEEP IT.

 DeLeeuw, Adele.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Demaris, Ovid.
   MACHINE GUN MCCAIN.

 Dept. of Chemistry, Ohio State University.
   SEE Ohio. State University, Columbus. Dept. of Chemistry.

 Dept. of Theater Arts & Music, Pennsylvania State University.
   SEE Pennsylvania. State University. College of Arts & Architecture.
      Dept. of Theater Arts & Music.

 DiCerto, Joseph J.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 Dillard, Doug.
   USING THE LECTURE IN TEACHING AND TRAINING.

 Disney (Walt) Productions.
   THE ARISTOCATS.
   THE BOATNIKS.
   CHICKEN LITTLE. (R)
   DAD, CAN I BORROW THE CAR.
   DEFENSE AGAINST INVASION. (R)
   FIGARO AND CLEO. (R)
   HOME DEFENSE. (R)
   HOW TO BE A SAILOR. (R)
   THE OLD ARMY GAME. (R)
   THE PELICAN AND THE SNIPE. (R)
   REASON & EMOTION. (R)
   U.S. NAVY WEFT IDENTIFICATION. (R)
   VICTORY THROUGH AIR POWER. (R)
   VICTORY VEHICLES. (R)
   THE WILD COUNTRY.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Distinguished Contributors Films, Inc.
   C. H. PATTERSON: CLIENT-CENTERED COUNSELING.
   E. JOSEPH SHOBEN, JR.--STUDENT UNREST: THE CLIMATE OF PROTEST.
   JOHN HOLLAND AND DONALD SUPER: A DIALOGUE ON VOCATIONAL DEVELOPMENT
      THEORY.
   RUDOLPH DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

 Distrifilm, S.A.
   THE LAST GRENADE.

 Dodge Division, Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Dodge Division.

 Donald (Jonathan) Productions.
   CONTINUOUS FLOW ANALYSIS.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday-ICF Division.
   SEE Doubleday-ICF.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. Doubleday Multimedia Division.
   SEE Doubleday Multimedia.

 Doubleday & Co., Inc. International Communication Films Division.
   SEE International Communication Films.

 Doubleday-ICF.
   CAREERS: AGRI-BUSINESS.

 Doubleday Multimedia.
   CAREERS: SALES.

 Dozier, Jane M.
   CHINA IN PERSPECTIVE: ROOTS OF CIVILIZATION.

 Dubrowsky, Edward.
   PUERTO RICO: HISTORY AND CULTURE.

 Duncan Audio Visual, Inc. Audibank Division.
   SEE Audibank.

 Dynamic Films, Inc.
   THE DRUMBEATER.


                                   E

 Easterbrook, John.
   HOPI AND NAVAJO, PEOPLE OF THE SOUTHWEST.

 Echo Kilo Productions.
   STEVE'S HOME IS A LIGHTHOUSE.

 Edinboro State College, Pa.
   SEE Pennsylvania. State College, Edinboro.

 Edprod Pictures, Inc.
   THE CHRISTINE JORGENSEN STORY.

 Education Development Center, Inc.
   BABOONS.
   HERRING GULLS.
   NETSILIK LIFE.
   THE NETSILIK TODAY.

 Education Division, Technifax.
   SEE Technifax. Education Division.

 Educational Activities, Inc.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 Educational Coordinates.
   THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY.

 Educational Direction, Inc.
   ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE FOOT SOLDIER.
   HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR.
   SUPPORTING SERVICES.
   THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE WAR ON THE WATER.

 Educational Film Division, Sterling Movies, Inc.
   SEE Sterling Movies, Inc. Educational Film Division.

 Educational Filmstrips.
   CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY IN SICILY.
   ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.
   LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.
   FELIZ NAVIDAD.
   HACIA LA NACION.
   NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.
   OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.
   POMPEII.
   SCOTLAND.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

 Educational Projections Corp.
   ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   LAS AFUERAS DE LA CIUDAD.
   AIDS IN SPELLING.
   LOS ANIMALES AMIGOS APRENDEN A COMPARTIR.
   ANSWERING WANT ADS.
   APRENDIENDO A COOPERAR.
   BOY FRIENDS AND GIRL FRIENDS.
   EL BURRO QUE PRETENDIO SER LEON.
   [CAREER DEVELOPMENT: SELF-EVALUATION]
   CELEBRATING ARBOR DAY.
   CELEBRATING COLUMBUS DAY.
   LA CIUDAD Y EL CAMPO SE NECESITAN UNO A OTRO.
   COMESTIBLES DEL CAMPO.
   COMO LA GENTE SE GANA LA VIDA.
   COMO VIAJAMOS.
   COMPARTIENDO RESPONSABILIDADES.
   EL CONEJO QUE QUERIA SER DIFERENTE.
   [DAILY LIVING]
   [DAILY PROBLEMS]
   DECIMALS.
   DECIMALS--MULTIPLICATION & DIVISION.
   DIVISION COMPUTATION 1.
   DIVISION COMPUTATION 2.
   DOING AN ASSIGNMENT.
   DOING HOMEWORK.
   EN DONDE TRABAJA MAMA.
   EN DONDE TRABAJAN LOS PAPAS.
   EASTER.
   FILLING OUT A MEDICAL RECORD.
   FILLING OUT AN APPLICATION.
   FINDING INFORMATION.
   FINDING OUT ABOUT OTHER JOBS IN YOUR COMPANY.
   FLAG DAY.
   FRACTIONS.
   GEOMETRY.
   LA GIRA AL CAMPO DE LA FAMILIA.
   LA GRAN CIUDAD.
   GRAPHING.
   [HANDLING FINANCES]
   EL HOMBRE DE PAN DE JENGIBRE.
   HOW SCHOOL HELPS TO PREPARE YOU FOR ADVANCEMENT.
   HOW TO PLAN YOUR RECREATION.
   HOW TO STUDY.
   HOW WORDS ARE MADE.
   INDEPENDENCE DAY.
   THE INTERVIEW.
   INTRODUCTION TO STEAM ENGINES.
   [KEEPING A JOB]
   LO QUE UNA CIUDAD FABRICA.
   LOOKING FOR A JOB.
   MAKING AN OUTLINE.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 3.
   MEASUREMENT.
   MODIFIERS--ADJECTIVES AND ADVERBS.
   MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.
   MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 1.
   MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 2.
   LA NAVIDAD DE UNA FAMILIA.
   NOUNS AND PRONOUNS.
   NUESTRA FAMILIA EN CASA.
   NUESTRO CUMPLEANOS.
   NUMBER THEORY.
   NUMERATION SYSTEMS.
   EL PATITO VALIENTE Y EL VIENTO FRIO DEL NORTE.
   PERCENT.
   [PREFIXES AND SUFFIXES]
   PREPOSITIONS AND OTHER PARTS OF SPEECH.
   PROBABILITY.
   PUTTING SOUNDS TOGETHER.
   RATIO.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS--DIVISION.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS--MULTIPLICATION.
   ST. VALENTINE'S DAY.
   SEEING, HEARING, SPELLING.
   SELECTING A JOB.
   THE SOUND OF LETTERS.
   SOUND VARIATIONS.
   [SPANISH PROGRAM]
   SPELLING PROBLEMS.
   SPELLING RULES.
   SUBJECTS AND PREDICATES--NOUNS AND VERBS.
   TAKING A TEST.
   EL TRANSPORTE ES IMPORTANTE.
   USING A DICTIONARY.
   USING A LIBRARY.
   USING NUMBER PAIRS.
   USING REFERENCE BOOKS.
   USING THE WANT ADS.
   VERBS.
   UNA VISITA A UN PUEBLITO.
   UNA VISITA A UNA GRANJA.
   [VOCABULARY BUILDING]
   WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
   A WELL-BALANCED INDIVIDUAL.
   WRITING A REPORT.

 Elam, Dorothy Conley.
   HISTORICAL INTERPRETATION OF NEGRO SPIRITUALS AND ANTHEM.

 Elliott, John.
   JOHN HENRY AND HIS MIGHTY HAMMER.
   LIFE IN THE NEW AMERICAN COLONIES, 1713-1792.
   THE PLANTATION SYSTEM, 1790-1850.

 El Tigre Productions, Inc.
   80 STEPS TO JONAH.

 Emka.
   FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. (R)
   GOOD FELLOWS. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH SWINGS IT. (R)
   HOSTAGES. (R)
   LET'S FACE IT. (R)
   NO TIME FOR LOVE. (R)
   RIDING HIGH. (R)
   SALUTE FOR THREE. (R)
   TRUE TO LIFE. (R)

 Emlin, Inc.
   MAX THE MINK.

 Encyclopaedia Britannica Educational Corp.
   CROSSTOWN ADVENTURE.
   DINOSAURS, THE AGE OF THE TERRIBLE LIZARD.
   A DISCUSSION OF FRANK STOCKTON'S THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.
   EARTH: MAN'S HOME.
   A FAMILY OF LIBERIA.
   FIRE MOUNTAIN.
   HEARTBEAT OF A VOLCANO.
   HOW DOES IT MAKE YOU FEEL? ONLY BENJY KNOWS: SHOULD HE TELL.
   INTERPRETATIONS.
   JAN: BOY OF THE NETHERLANDS.
   THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.
   LORD, LET ME DIE BUT NOT DIE OUT--JAMES DICKEY: POET.
   PROBLEMS OF CONSERVATION: OUR NATURAL RESOURCES.
   THE REPORT CARD: HOW DOES RICCARDO FEEL.
   THE RISE OF THE AMERICAN CITY.
   SUCCESSION ON LAVA.
   WHAT IS A COMMUNITY.
   YOUTH BUILDS A NATION IN TANZANIA.

 Engel, Charles W.
   ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   DECIMALS.
   DECIMALS--MULTIPLICATION & DIVISION.
   DIVISION COMPUTATION 1.
   DIVISION COMPUTATION 2.
   FRACTIONS.
   GEOMETRY.
   GRAPHING.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.
   MEASUREMENT.
   MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.
   MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 1.
   MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 2.
   NUMBER THEORY.
   NUMERATION SYSTEMS.
   PERCENT.
   PROBABILITY.
   RATIO.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS--DIVISION.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS--MULTIPLICATION.
   USING NUMBER PAIRS.

 English Films, Inc.
   JEANNIE. (R)

 Environmental Films, Inc.
   THE NEW JERSEY SHORELINE.

 Ericson, Isabel.
   GRAMMAR USAGE: LET'S GIVE A SHOW.
   INTRODUCING ENGLISH.
   MORE SENTENCES: THE HAUNTED HOUSE MYSTERY.
   SPELLING: HOW SPELLING ALMOST RUINED MUDVILLE'S LITTLE LEAGUE.

 Eriksson, Connie.
   HISTORICAL INTERPRETATION OF NEGRO SPIRITUALS AND ANTHEM.

 Esquire, Inc., Coronet Instructional Films Division.
   SEE Coronet Instructional Films.

 Euroatlantica, S.P.A.
   MACHINE GUN MCCAIN.

 Euterpe Productions, Inc.
   SEE Love Story Co.

 Exer-Genie, Inc.
   EFFICIENCY IN EXERCISE WITH THE EXER-GENIE EXERCISER.


                                   F

 Fairman Productions, Inc.
   FREDDY FORECAST.

 Family Planning, Inc.
   FREEDOM TO CHOOSE.

 Farago, Ladislas.
   PATTON.
   TORA! TORA! TORA.

 Farber, Eric.
   WHAT I DID LAST NIGHT YOU'LL NEVER GUESS.

 Fedderson (Don) Productions, Inc.
   MY THREE SONS.

 Federal Water Quality Administration.
   SEE U.S. Dept. of Interior. Federal Water Quality Administration.
      Office of Public Information.

 Feldman (Phil) Productions, Inc.
   THE BALLAD OF CABLE HOGUE.

 Felton, Harold W.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Field Educational Publications, Inc.
   SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS.

 Film Archives Trading Co.
   FOREVER AND A DAY. (R)
   HANGMEN ALSO DIE. (R)
   JEANNIE. (R)
   VOICE IN THE WIND. (R)

 Films & Slides.
   EDGAR DEGAS.
   FRESCOES BY GIOTTO.
   GEORGES BRAQUE.
   HONORE DAUMIER.
   PAUL CEZANNE.

 Films Ariane, S.A.
   UN HOMME QUI ME PLAIT.

 Films du Siecle.
   LE CLAN DES SICILIENS.
   SECRET WORLD.

 Films 13.
   UN HOMME QUI ME PLAIT.

 Filmways, Inc.
   CATCH-22.

 First Church of Christ, Scientist, Boston. Board of Directors.
   BUT WHAT CAN I DO.
   YOUTH ACTIVITIES MEETING.

 Fisher, Regina.
   JASON AND THE GOLDEN FLEECE.
   PEGASUS THE WINGED HORSE.
   PERSEUS AND MEDUSA.
   THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR.

 Fletcher, Gloria.
   GROWING UP TO BE A GOOD CITIZEN.
   PAUL BUNYAN AND HIS GREAT BLUE OX.

 Florida Division, American Cancer Society, Inc.
   SEE American Cancer Society, Inc. Florida Division.

 Fly-By-Night Productions.
   MAGIC MACHINES AND OTHER TRICKS.

 Ford, LeRoy.
   USING THE CASE STUDY IN TEACHING AND TRAINING.
   USING THE LECTURE IN TEACHING AND TRAINING.

 Fort Snelling Master Training Center.
   USE OF THE TELEPHONE.

 Fractionation Research, Inc.
   PERFORMANCE OF DOWNCOMERS IN DISTILLATION COLUMNS.

 Frances, Marian.
   ALL AROUND WITH CIRCLES.
   HOME MANNERS.
   SIX SIMPLE MACHINES.

 Franciscan Communications Center, Los Angeles.
   YOU HAVEN'T CHANGED A BIT.

 Frankenheimer (John) Productions.
   I WALK THE LINE.

 Fraser, Jackson.
   UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT.

 Freeman, Don.
   JOEY'S CAT.

 Fringuello, Judith.
   THE EMPEROR AND THE NIGHTINGALE.
   LEADERS WHO LEFT THEIR MARK.
   PROMETHEUS AND THE GIFT OF FIRE.

 Fuller, C. T.
   QUARTER HORSE: THE HORSE AMERICA MADE.

 Furey, Michael.
   A SPOOKY TALE FOR HALLOWEEN.

 Furie Productions, Inc.
   LITTLE FAUSS AND BIG HALSY.


                                   G

 Gall, Morris.
   ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE FOOT SOLDIER.
   HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR.
   SUPPORTING SERVICES.
   THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE WAR ON THE WATER.

 General Learning Corp.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 General Learning Corp. Early Learning Division.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 General Learning Corp. Silver Burdett Co. Division.
   SEE Silver Burdett Co.

 General Motors Corp.
   SALES SUPPORT IN ACTION.

 General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.
   SALES SUPPORT IN ACTION.

 General Motors Corp. United Motors Service Division.
   FISHERMAN'S KINGDOM.

 Genet, Nancy.
   POLLUTION.
   WHALES: ECOLOGY--THE VANISHING GIANTS.

 Gentry, Diane Koos.
   MAX THE MINK.

 Geoffrey Productions, Inc.
   DARLING LILI.

 George Washington University. School of Medicine. Columbia Hospital for
    Women.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Gering, Robert L.
   AMINO ACID STRUCTURE AND THE PEPTIDE LINK.
   CARBOHYDRATE STRUCTURE AND THE GLYCOSIDIC LINK.
   INTRODUCTION TO AMINO ACIDS.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL MEASUREMENTS.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL OXIDATION AND ATP.
   INTRODUCTION TO CARBOHYDRATES.
   INTRODUCTION TO DNA.
   INTRODUCTION TO FATS.
   INTRODUCTION TO PHOTOSYNTHESIS.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE ANIMAL CELL.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE NITROGEN CYCLE.
   PROTEINS AND DEAMINATION.

 Givotavsky, Marina.
   FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS.

 Glendinning, Sally.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Goal Record Film Productions, Inc.
   YOU WILL ANSWER.

 Goldsholl & Associates.
   UP IS DOWN.

 Goldsholl (Morton) Design Associates, Inc.
   SEE Goldsholl & Associates.

 Gordon/Glyn Productions.
   EASY DOES IT.

 Graham, Frank.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT ANIMALS.
   FOREST FAMILIES.
   SAVING OUR LAND.

 Graham, Mary.
   A FOURTH OF JULY ADVENTURE.
   TREES FOR ARBOR DAY.

 Graphic Educational Systems Co.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

 Graphicom.
   THE ENVIRONMENT OF MAN, AN INTRODUCTION TO ECOLOGY.

 Greenberg Productions.
   ÷

 Grey (Ben & Abby) Foundation, St. Paul.
   POET/PHILOSOPHER.

 Grierson, Edward.
   MY LOVER, MY SON.

 Grossman, Ruth H.
   SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS.

 Grotey, Gerald.
   DIVORCE AND RE-MARRIAGE.

 Grimm, Jakob Ludwig Karl.
   THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER.
   GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.
   JORINDA AND JORINGEL.
   RAPUNZEL.
   RUMPELSTILTSKIN.

 Grimm, Wilhelm Karl.
   THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER.
   GRIMM BROTHERS' FAVORITES.
   JORINDA AND JORINGEL.
   RAPUNZEL.
   RUMPELSTILTSKIN.

 Grundberg, Regina.
   THE BYZANTINE EMPIRE.
   YEARS OF CHALLENGE, 1960-1970.

 Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y.
   AN AFRICAN ESSAY.
   CHINA IN PERSPECTIVE: ROOTS OF CIVILIZATION.
   THE WISDOM OF WILDNESS.

 Guidance Camps, Inc.
   BRUCE.
   RANDY.


                                   H

 Halcyon Productions, Inc.
   I WALK THE LINE.

 Hamilton Funding Corp.
   MR. R. O. SAFFORD'S OPPORTUNITY MEETING.

 Hamm, Phillip M., Sr.
   HOW TO DROWN PROOF YOUR CHILD.

 Hancock, Mary A.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 Handy (Jam) Productions.
   A JACK FOR EVERY JOB.
   NO-TURN SPEED BROIL.
   SO THE REPLACEMENT IS RIGHT.
   STEP.
   VI-DRAPE OB PACK.

 Harbour-UTV.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc.
   AN AFRICAN ESSAY.
   THE AMERICAN HUMORISTS.
   OUR HERITAGE FROM ANCIENT ROME.
   THE WISDOM OF WILDNESS.

 Harcourt, Brace & World, Inc. Guidance Associates of Pleasantville,
    N.Y. Division.
   SEE Guidance Associates of Pleasantville, N.Y.

 Harris Communications, Inc.
   TO FEED THE HUNGRY.

 Harson, Henry.
   CHAMPLAIN IN THE WILDERNESS.

 Hart, Gordon.
   CAPITALIZATION: DON'T HIDE IN TREES, PLEASE.
   HOME MANNERS.
   LEARNING TO DO THINGS FOR YOURSELF.
   OPENING NEW DOORS.
   WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU FAIL.
   WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU VISIT.

 Hartley Productions, Inc.
   BIRDS OF THE GALAPAGOS.
   THE EXPANDING UNIVERSE OF SCULPTURE.
   THE MAYAN MYSTERY.
   PERU: INCA HERITAGE.

 Harvest Films, Inc.
   IN THE CRASH.

 Heady, Eleanor B.
   THE RUG MAKER: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA.

 Hearst Corp. King Features Syndicate Division.
   SEE King Features Syndicate.

 Hearst Metrotone News, Inc.
   NEWS OF THE DAY. (R)

 Heller, Joseph.
   CATCH-22.

 Herzog, George.
   THE COW-TAIL SWITCH: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA.

 Hewitt, Coleman.
   WOODWORKING--STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

 Hill, Mary R.
   BARRIER BEACH.

 Hissong, Fred.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Honore, Paul M.
   SEE Graphicom.

 Horlicks Corp.
   [HORLICKS CORP. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Household Finance Corp. Money Management Institute.
   BE CREDIT-WISE.

 Howard (Sandy) Productions Corp.
   A MAN CALLED HORSE.

 Hubbell, William.
   AN AFRICAN ESSAY.
   THE WISDOM OF WILDNESS.

 Hunter, Kristin.
   THE LANDLORD.

 Hyun, Bong Hak.
   HEMATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.


                                   I

 Imperial Film Co., Inc.
   THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT.
   UNDERWATER ENVIRONMENT.

 Indiana Public Health Foundation, Inc.
   THE ONE BETWEEN.

 Indiana. State University, Terre Haute. Audio-Visual Center.
   THE ONE BETWEEN.

 Indiana. University.
   LAKES.
   VOLVOX: STRUCTURE, REPRODUCTION AND DIFFERENTIATION IN V. CARTERI (HK
      9 AND 10)

 Indiana. University. Audio-Visual Center.
   LAKES.
   VOLVOX: STRUCTURE, REPRODUCTION AND DIFFERENTIATION IN V. CARTERI (HK
      9 AND 10)

 Information Applications, Inc.
   AMINO ACID STRUCTURE AND THE PEPTIDE LINK.
   CARBOHYDRATE STRUCTURE AND THE GLYCOSIDIC LINK.
   INTRODUCTION TO AMINO ACIDS.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL MEASUREMENTS.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL OXIDATION AND ATP.
   INTRODUCTION TO CARBOHYDRATES.
   INTRODUCTION TO DNA.
   INTRODUCTION TO FATS.
   INTRODUCTION TO PHOTOSYNTHESIS.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE ANIMAL CELL.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE NITROGEN CYCLE.
   PROTEINS AND DEAMINATION.

 Inquiry, Inc.
   A WALK IN THE PARK.

 Inside Out Productions, Inc.
   [HOW DO I LEARN?]

 Instructional Media Associates.
   MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

 Insurance Institute for Highway Safety Washington, D.C.
   IN THE CRASH.
   1970 LOW SPEED CAR CRASH TESTS.

 International Business Machines Corp.
   PLANNING FOR MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS.

 International Cinemedia Center.
   FREUD: THE HIDDEN NATURE OF MAN.
   MARXISM: THE THEORY THAT SPLIT A WORLD.

 International Communication Films.
   DRAW ME AN ELEPHANT.

 International Film Bureau, Inc.
   BOSTON: THE NEW AND THE HISTORIC.
   LEXINGTON AND CONCORD, APRIL 19, 1775.
   LITERARY NEW ENGLAND: MID-NINETEENTH CENTURY.
   PLYMOUTH: A PILGRIM PLANTATION.
   WASHINGTON, D.C.

 International Institute of Coiffure Designers, Ltd.
   JON GUENTHER.

 International Paper Co.
   FINDERS, SEEKERS.

 Iowa Division, American Cancer Society.
   SEE American Cancer Society, Inc. Iowa Division.

 Iowa. State University, Ames.
   AORTIC ARCH AND CAROTID SINUS REFLEXES.
   ARTERIAL AND VENOUS BLOODS.
   ARTERIAL AND VENOUS PRESSURES.
   ARTERIAL ELASTICITY AND BLOOD FLOW.
   BLOOD COAGULATION.
   CARBON MONOXIDE POISONING, HYPOHEMOGLOBINEMIC HYPOXIA.
   A CARDIO-INHIBITORY REFLEX IN A DIVING DUCK.
   CEREBROSPINAL FLUID.
   DEFICIENCIES IN THE DECORTICATE PIGEON.
   EFFECTS OF ALTITUDE.
   EXAMPLES OF POSTURAL REFLEXES AND REACTIONS.
   EXPERIMENTS ON THE CONTROL OF BLOOD PRESSURE.
   FUNCTIONS OF THE CEREBELLUM AS REVEALED BY ITS DESTRUCTION IN THE
      PIGEON.
   PROPERTIES OF CARDIAC MUSCLE.
   REGULATION OF HEART BEAT IN THE MAMMAL.
   WHAT THE DECORTICATE PIGEON CAN DO.
   WORKING MODEL OF THE THORAX.

 Irving, Washington.
   THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN AND ICHABOD CRANE.
   RIP VAN WINKLE.

 Itez, Necati.
   ARAB WORLD AND ISLAM.


                                   J

 Jacobsen, Louise,
   FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS.
   LOOKING UP FACTS AND INFORMATION.
   WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU FAIL.

 Jaffurs, William J.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 James, Brian.
   AROUND THE WORLD WITH MAGELLAN.
   BE A DANGER FIGHTER.
   CORTES IN THE LAND OF THE AZTECS.
   OPENING NEW DOORS.

 Jaynes, Ruth.
   ABOUT MYSELF.
   I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.
   THE WORLD AROUND ME.

 Johnson, Donald M.
   BASIC CONCEPTS IN TYPING.

 Johnson, Dorothy M.
   A MAN CALLED HORSE.

 Johnson, Ellsworth R.
   MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES.
   MICROBIOLOGY.
   SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY.
   THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA.

 Johnson, Margaret.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/ EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/ DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 Johnson Motors Div., Outboard Marine Corp.
   SEE Outboard Marine Corp. Johnson Motors Division.

 Jones, Madison.
   I WALK THE LINE.

 Journal Films.
   THE EVOLUTION OF HANDS.
   ONE BIG OCEAN.
   YOUR ENVIRONMENT IS THE EARTH.

 Journal Films, Inc.
   AIR POLLUTION.
   THE ART OF CARVING.
   THE BUSINESS OFFICE: MAKING THINGS HAPPEN.
   EVERYONE LEARNS TO READ.
   FIND THE VOWELS.
   INDEPENDENT STUDY.
   THE NAVAJO: A STUDY IN CULTURAL CONTRAST.
   WATER POLLUTION: CAN WE KEEP OUR WATER CLEAN.


                                   K

 K. B. H. Productions, Inc.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 KDI Forera Corp.
   [GETTING TO SCHOOL]

 KVIE-6 (Television Station) Sacramento, Calif.
   TOWARD IMPROVING COMPUTATION.

 Kalmia Co.
   FILTRATION I: GRAVITY.
   FILTRATION II: VACUUM.
   INTRODUCTORY LABORATORY TECHNIQUES.
   QUANTITATIVE TRANSFER.
   RECRYSTALLIZATION.

 Katz, Edmund.
   STEVE'S HOME IS A LIGHTHOUSE.

 Kaufman, Sue.
   DIARY OF A MAD HOUSEWIFE.

 Kaye, Mildred.
   CHINOOK, FISHERMEN OF THE NORTHWEST.
   GOING TO SCHOOL.
   MESOPOTAMIA, CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.

 Keats, Ezra Jack.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.

 Keisman, Evelyn C. D.
   PRIMARY ECONOMICS.

 Keith (Allan) Productions, Inc.
   JON GUENTHER.

 Kellogg, Marjorie.
   TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME, JUNIE MOON.

 Kellogg, Steven.
   SIX SIMPLE MACHINES.

 Kendrick, Jim.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Kimbo Educational Records.
   THE COMPUTER AND YOU.

 King Broadcasting Co.
   BLACK THUMB.
   THE CONCH SHELL.
   DOWN DECIBEL DOWN.
   THE DROWNING BAY.
   FROM THE FACE OF THE EARTH.
   THE MAGIC HOUSE.
   THE 220 BLUES.
   THE ZOO.

 King Features Syndicate.
   FOOTLIGHT GLAMOUR. (R)

 King (Martin Luther) Film Project, Inc.
   KING, A FILMED RECORD: MONTGOMERY TO MEMPHIS.

 King Screen Productions.
   BLACK THUMB.
   THE CONCH SHELL.
   DOWN DECIBEL DOWN.
   THE DROWNING BAY.
   FROM THE FACE OF THE EARTH.
   THE MAGIC HOUSE.
   THE 220 BLUES.
   A WALK IN THE PARK.
   THE ZOO.

 Kipling, Rudyard.
   HOW THE ELEPHANT GOT HIS TRUNK.
   HOW THE FIRST LETTER WAS WRITTEN.
   HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT.

 Kirk, Louis.
   EVERYDAY LIFE ALONG THE NORTH COAST OF MEXICO.
   NATIONAL PARKS OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST.
   SANDSTONE COUNTRY: THE CANYONS AND INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   THE SCULPTURE OF AFRICA.

 Knitted Fabric Group, National Knitted Outerwear Assn.
   SEE National Knitted Outerwear Assn. Knitted Fabric Group.

 Koningsberger, Hans.
   THE REVOLUTIONARY.

 Kralky Film.
   THE SHOOTING GALLERY.

 Kunen, James.
   THE STRAWBERRY STATEMENT.


                                   L

 LTV Aerospace Corp. LTV Education Systems, Inc. Subsidiary.
   SEE LTV Education Systems, Inc.

 LTV Education Systems, Inc.
   THE HOUSE THAT GUS BUILT.

 Laczay, Ettie de.
   SEE De Laczay, Ettie.

 Laite, Gordon.
   GREAT NOVELS AND THEIR AUTHORS.

 Lakewood Center, Wash. Clover Park School District 400.
   EVERYDAY LIFE ALONG THE NORTH COAST OF MEXICO.
   NATIONAL PARKS OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST.
   SANDSTONE COUNTRY: THE CANYONS AND INDIANS OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   THE SCULPTURE OF AFRICA.

 LaMattery, Jerry.
   READING: CRITICISM.

 Lantz (Walter) Productions.
   BOOGIE WOOGIE MAN. (R)
   THE DIZZY ACROBAT. (R)
   MEATLESS TUESDAY. (R)
   PASS THE BISCUITS MIRANDY. (R)
   RATION BORED. (R)
   SWING YOUR PARTNER. (R)

 Lawrynenko, Larissa.
   GEORGE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
   LEARNING TO LISTEN CAREFULLY.
   RECOGNIZING INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES.

 Learning Co. of America.
   BALLET WITH EDWARD VILLELLA.
   THE COW-TAIL SWITCH: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA.
   FREUD: THE HIDDEN NATURE OF MAN.
   GERONIMO JONES.
   HOW THE ELEPHANT GOT HIS TRUNK.
   HOW THE FIRST LETTER WAS WRITTEN.
   HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT.
   MARXISM: THE THEORY THAT SPLIT A WORLD.
   MIGUEL: UP FROM PUERTO RICO.
   NAPOLEON: THE END OF A DICTATOR.
   NAPOLEON: THE MAKING OF A DICTATOR.
   OPERA WITH HENRY BUTLER.
   RIVER, WHERE DO YOU COME FROM.
   THE RUG MAKER: A FOLKTALE OF AFRICA.
   THE TRANSPORTATION REVOLUTION: STORY OF AMERICA'S GROWTH.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE SPECIAL JOBS: THE MAN WHO MADE SPINNING TOPS.
   WHY WE HAVE TAXES: THE TOWN THAT HAD NO POLICEMAN.
   WHY WE USE MONEY: THE FISHERMAN WHO NEEDED A KNIFE.

 Learning Corp. of America.
   HOW THE WHALE GOT HIS THROAT.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE SPECIAL JOBS: THE MAN WHO MADE SPINNING TOPS.
   WHY WE HAVE TAXES: THE TOWN THAT HAD NO POLICEMAN.
   WHY WE USE MONEY: THE FISHERMAN WHO NEEDED A KNIFE.

 Learning Corp. of America.
   SEE Learning Co. of America.

 Leavitt Agency.
   THE SAGA OF CHARLEY TRUCKLEBUS.

 Lee, Richard B.
   THE BUSHMAN IN THE KALAHARI.

 Leff, Gene.
   THE MOVING PICTURE CAMERA.

 Lehn & Fink Products.
   [LEHN & FINK PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Leon, Hennie.
   THE LONGEST HUNDRED MILES.

 Leonard, Elmore.
   THE MOONSHINE WAR.

 Leopold, Herbert.
   JUNGLE ANIMALS.
   LOOKING UP FACTS AND INFORMATION.
   ORAL REPORTS: HOW TO TALK OUT LOUD.

 Lerner, Alan Jay.
   ON A CLEAR DAY YOU CAN SEE FOREVER.

 Lerner (Alan Jay) Productions, Inc.
   PAINT YOUR WAGON.

 Lever Bros. Co.
   [LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Levinson, Martin H.
   HIGHLIGHTS OF THE 1970 ISRAELI DAY PARADE.

 Lewi, Bee.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Lewis (Edward) Productions, Inc.
   I WALK THE LINE.

 Lichtenberg, Donovan R.
   ADDITION AND SUBTRACTION.
   DECIMALS.
   DECIMALS -- MULTIPLICATION & DIVISION.
   DIVISION COMPUTATION 1.
   DIVISION COMPUTATION 2.
   FRACTIONS.
   GEOMETRY.
   GRAPHING.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 1.
   MATHEMATICS, LEVEL 2.
   MEASUREMENT.
   MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.
   MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 1.
   MULTIPLICATION COMPUTATION 2.
   NUMBER THEORY.
   NUMERATION SYSTEMS.
   PERCENT.
   PROBABILITY.
   RATIO.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS--DIVISION.
   RATIONAL NUMBERS--MULTIPLICATION.
   USING NUMBER PAIRS.

 Lieber, Joel.
   MOVE.

 Life Filmstrips.
   MONKEYS AND APES.
   POLLUTION.
   THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.
   WHALES: ECOLOGY--THE VANISHING GIANTS.

 Lindbergh, Anne Morrow.
   AN AFRICAN ESSAY.

 Lindbergh, Charles Augustus.
   THE WISDOM OF WILDNESS.

 Lindy Productions, Inc.
   THE DIE-NAMIC PROCESS: A DESIGN FOR PROFIT.

 Lippert Films, Ltd.
   THE MURDER GAME.

 Lippincott (J. B.) Co.
   BASIC READING.

 Little Folks Swim School, Fresno, Calif.
   HOW TO DROWN PROOF YOUR CHILD.

 Lloyd, Charles.
   MOONMAN I.

 Loew's, Inc.
   BABY PUSS. (R)
   BEST FOOT FORWARD. (R)
   THE CROSS OF LARRAINE. (R)
   DON'T YOU BELIEVE IT. (R)
   ELECTION DAZE. (R)
   FIXIN' TRICKS. (R)
   FOOTBALL THRILLS OF 1942. (R)
   FORGOTTEN TREASURE. (R)
   GIRL CRAZY. (R)
   GLIMPSES OF MEXICO. (R)
   HITLER'S MADMAN. (R)
   I DOOD IT. (R)
   LASSIE COME HOME. (R)
   LITTLE MISS PINKERTON. (R)
   LOST ANGEL. (R)
   MADAME CURIE. (R)
   THE MAN FROM DOWN UNDER. (R)
   MY TOMATO. (R)
   NO NEWS IS GOOD NEWS. (R)
   NURSERY RHYME MYSTERIES. (R)
   ODE TO VICTORY. (R)
   ONE HAM'S FAMILY. (R)
   SALT LAKE DIVERSIONS. (R)
   SALUTE TO THE MARINES. (R)
   SCRAP HAPPY. (R)
   SEEING HANDS. (R)
   SEVENTH COLUMN. (R)
   THE STORK'S HOLIDAY. (R)
   STORM. (R)
   SWING FEVER. (R)
   THIS IS TOMORROW. (R)
   THOUSANDS CHEER. (R)
   THREE SMART GUYS. (R)
   THROUGH THE COLORADO ROCKIES. (R)
   TIPS ON TRIPS. (R)
   TO MY UNBORN SON. (R)
   TRIFLES THAT WIN WARS. (R)
   THE UNINVITED PEST. (R)
   WAR DOGS. (R)
   WATER WISDOM. (R)
   WHAT'S BUZZIN' BUZZARD. (R)
   WHISTLING IN BROOKLYN. (R)
   YOUNG IDEAS. (R)

 Lovecraft, H. P.
   THE DUNWICH HORROR.

 Lutheran Film Associates.
   WHICH WAY WISDOM.

 Lynch, Matthew J.
   MEDICAL LABORATORY TECHNOLOGY AND CLINICAL PATHOLOGY.


                                   M

 MCA-TV.
   ADAM-12.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   MARCUS WELBY, M.D.
   THE VIRGINIAN.

 McCormick, Joe.
   USING THE CASE STUDY IN TEACHING AND TRAINING.

 McCracken, Glenn.
   BASIC READING.

 McCullough, Edward.
   CAPITALIZATION: DON'T HIDE IN TREES, PLEASE.
   GRAMMAR USAGE: LET'S GIVE A SHOW.
   INTRODUCING ENGLISH.
   LEARNING TO WRITE LETTERS.
   MORE PARTS OF SPEECH: THE CASE OF THE MISSING MONEY BAG.
   MORE SENTENCES: THE HAUNTED HOUSE MYSTERY.
   NOUNS: WHO'S WHO IN THIS CRAZY ZOO.
   PARAGRAPHS: HENRY LEARNS SOMETHING NEW.
   PARTS OF SPEECH: UP AND AWAY IN A FLYING BOAT.
   PUNCTUATION MARKS: MELVIN MAKES HIS MARK.
   PUNCTUATION: THERE'S A DRAGON IN MY BACKYARD.
   SENTENCES: A SILLY DAY WITH CECIL.
   SPELLING: HOW SPELLING ALMOST RUINED MUDVILLE'S LITTLE LEAGUE.
   USING REFERENCE MATERIALS.
   VERBS: A STRANGE NEW BROTHER.

 McGee, Kathleen.
   SENTENCES: A SILLY DAY WITH CECIL.

 McGill, Ellen.
   THE AMERICAN COWBOY.

 McGill, Kenneth.
   THE AMERICAN COWBOY.

 McGowan, Tom.
   THE ARISTOCATS.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   ANTARCTICA: WASTELAND OR RESOURCE.
   AUSTRALIA: INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION.
   AUSTRALIA: THE LAND AND ITS PRODUCTS.
   CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.
   CLEANLINESS: TO BE CLEAN MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD.
   INDONESIA: A TIME TO GROW.
   MEDICAL CARE: IT'S YOUR TURN TO SEE THE DOCTOR.
   NEW ZEALAND: PROSPERITY BASED ON TRADE.
   NUTRITION: I'LL TRADE YOU MY COOKIE FOR AN ORANGE.
   OCEANA: AN ISLAND WORLD.
   PHYSICAL FITNESS: SLOW DOWN, I CAN'T KEEP UP.
   SCHOOL: DOING THE VERY BEST YOU CAN.
   SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.
   TIME STUDY SERIES.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co. Blakiston Division.
   ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.

 McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.
   LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS.
   LE FRANCAIS: CONTINUONS.
   STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

 McGraw-Hill Films.
   CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.
   CERTAIN UNALIENABLE RIGHTS.
   CITY PROTECTION AND WELFARE SERVICES.
   CLEANLINESS: TO BE CLEAN MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD.
   COLONIAL AMERICA: THE BEGINNINGS.
   THE COLONIAL ECONOMY.
   THE COLONIAL WAY OF LIFE.
   DRINKING: HOW WILL CHARLIE HANDLE IT.
   FAMILY OF THE ISLAND: HER NAME IS WASAMATHA.
   FAMILY OF THE RIVER: THE RIVER, MY HOME.
   GOVERNING THE CITY.
   GOVERNING THE STATE.
   HIRAM FONG.
   INDONESIA: A TIME TO GROW.
   JOURNEY TO CHINALE.
   MEDICAL CARE: IT'S YOUR TURN TO SEE THE DOCTOR.
   NUTRITION: I'LL TRADE YOU MY COOKIE FOR AN ORANGE.
   PHYSICAL FITNESS: SLOW DOWN, I CAN'T KEEP UP.
   THE POLITICAL PROCESS.
   THE ROLE OF THE PRESIDENT.
   SCHOOL: DOING THE VERY BEST YOU CAN.
   SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.
   SMOKING: PETE ENNIS DOESN'T SMOKE YET.
   STATE SERVICES.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: ELECTRICITY.
   TIME STUDY SERIES.

 McGraw-Hill, Inc.
   ADMINISTRATION OF MEDICATIONS.
   ANTARCTICA: WASTELAND OR RESOURCE.
   AUSTRALIA: INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION.
   AUSTRALIA: THE LAND AND ITS PRODUCTS.
   CALENDAR STUDY SERIES.
   CERTAIN UNALIENABLE RIGHTS.
   CITY PROTECTION AND WELFARE SERVICES.
   CLEANLINESS: TO BE CLEAN MAKES YOU FEEL GOOD.
   COLONIAL AMERICA: THE BEGINNINGS.
   THE COLONIAL ECONOMY.
   THE COLONIAL WAY OF LIFE.
   DRINKING: HOW WILL CHARLIE HANDLE IT.
   ENRICO FERMI.
   FAMILY OF THE ISLAND: HER NAME IS WASAMATHA.
   FAMILY OF THE RIVER: THE RIVER, MY HOME.
   LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS.
   LE FRANCAIS: CONTINUONS.
   GOVERNING THE CITY.
   GOVERNING THE STATE.
   HIRAM FONG.
   INDONESIA: A TIME TO GROW.
   MEDICAL CARE: IT'S YOUR TURN TO SEE THE DOCTOR.
   NEW ZEALAND: PROSPERITY BASED ON TRADE.
   NUTRITION: I'LL TRADE YOU MY COOKIE FOR AN ORANGE.
   OCEANA: AN ISLAND WORLD.
   PHYSICAL FITNESS: SLOW DOWN, I CAN'T KEEP UP.
   THE POLITICAL PROCESS.
   THE ROLE OF THE PRESIDENT.
   SCHOOL: DOING THE VERY BEST YOU CAN.
   SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.
   SMOKING: PETE ENNIS DOESN'T SMOKE YET.
   STATE SERVICES.
   STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: ELECTRICITY.
   TIME STUDY SERIES.

 McGraw-Hill Text-Films.
   ENRICO FERMI.

 Macmillan Co.
   THE BUSHMAN IN THE KALAHARI.
   CARTESIAN GRAPHING.
   GENERAL ORDER RELATIONS.
   MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.
   MODELS: WHEN TO ADD OR SUBTRACT.
   SIMILARITY.
   SUBTRACTION OF FRACTIONAL NUMBERS.

 Maglan Films, Inc.
   THE PROJECTIONIST.

 Maine, Charles Eric.
   THE MIND OF MR. SOAMES.

 Maine ETV Network.
   A DOWNEAST SMILE-IN.

 Majestic Films, Inc.
   UN HOMME QUI ME PLAIT.

 Malamud, Bernard.
   THE ANGEL LEVINE.

 Management Forms, Inc.
   PROPER HOME CARE AND YOU.
   YOUR MOUTH - HEALTHY, ATTRACTIVE, COMFORTABLE - NOW.

 Mandlin, Harvey.
   I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.

 Manhoff, Bill.
   THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT.

 Marathon International Productions, Inc.
   AIR-COOLED ENGINE-UITY.
   MOODS OF A RIVER.
   WILD, WILD WAGENS.

 March Twelve Co.
   AMERICA IS HARD TO SEE.

 Marianne Productions.
   BORSALINO.

 Mark VII, Ltd.
   ADAM-12.

 Marketing Training Dept., Chrysler Institute, Chrysler Corp.
   SEE Chrysler Corp. Chrysler Institute. Marketing Training Dept.

 Markson, David.
   DIRTY DINGUS MAGEE.

 Marlow, John L.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Mars Film Produzione.
   BORSALINO.

 Marshall, Patricia.
   ANGLES AND MORE ANGLES.
   JUNGLE ANIMALS.
   POLLUTION.

 Martin (Burt) Associates.
   JUST ONE.

 Martin's Media.
   SEE Levinson, Martin H.

 Mass-Brown Pictures Corp.
   MOMMAN, LITTLE JUNGLE BOY.
   STRANGE HOLIDAY.

 Mastbrook, Doc.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Masterson, Whit.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Mattco Associates, Inc.
   NATIONAL BOATING TEST.

 Meares, Donald.
   [PREFIXES AND SUFFIXES]

 Medequip Corp.
   INTEREX 1024 AUTOMATED MEDICAL HISTORY PROGRAM C.

 Mendelson (Lee)-Frank Buxton Joint Film Productions.
   HOT DOG.

 Merck & Co., Inc.
   EASY DOES IT.

 Meredith Corp.
   PERCEPTION.
   SURVEY OF THE PRIMATES.

 Metcalf, Cheryl.
   WE WAS TOO FEW.

 Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc.
   BABY PUSS. (R)
   BEST FOOT FORWARD. (R)
   THE BUSHBABY.
   THE CROSS OF LARRAINE. (R)
   DIRTY DINGUS MAGEE.
   DON'T YOU BELIEVE IT. (R)
   ELECTION DAZE. (R)
   FIXIN' TRICKS. (R)
   FOOTBALL THRILLS OF 1942. (R)
   FORGOTTEN TREASURE. (R)
   GIRL CRAZY. (R)
   GLIMPSES OF MEXICO. (R)
   HITLER'S MADMAN. (R)
   HOUSE OF DARK SHADOWS.
   I DOOD IT. (R)
   KELLY'S HEROES.
   LASSIE COME HOME. (R)
   LITTLE MISS PINKERTON. (R)
   LOST ANGEL. (R)
   MADAME CURIE. (R)
   THE MAGIC GARDEN OF STANLEY SWEETHEART.
   THE MAN FROM DOWN UNDER. (R)
   THE MOONSHINE WAR.
   MY LOVER, MY SON.
   MY TOMATO. (R)
   NO NEWS IS GOOD NEWS. (R)
   NURSERY RHYME MYSTERIES. (R)
   ODE TO VICTORY. (R)
   ONE HAM'S FAMILY. (R)
   RYAN'S DAUGHTER.
   SALT LAKE DIVERSIONS. (R)
   SALUTE TO THE MARINES. (R)
   SCRAP HAPPY. (R)
   SEEING HANDS. (R)
   SEVENTH COLUMN. (R)
   THE STORK'S HOLIDAY. (R)
   STORM. (R)
   THE STRAWBERRY STATEMENT.
   SWING FEVER. (R)
   THIS IS TOMORROW. (R)
   THOUSANDS CHEER. (R)
   THREE SMART GUYS. (R)
   THROUGH THE COLORADO ROCKIES. (R)
   TIPS ON TRIPS. (R)
   TO MY UNBORN SON. (R)
   TRIFLES THAT WIN WARS. (R)
   THE UNINVITED PEST. (R)
   THE WALKING STICK.
   WAR DOGS. (R)
   WATER WISDOM. (R)
   WHAT'S BUZZIN' BUZZARD. (R)
   WHISTLING IN BROOKLYN. (R)
   YOUNG IDEAS. (R)
   ZABRISKIE POINT.

 Metromedia Producers Corp.
   ETHIOPIA: THE HIDDEN EMPIRE.
   ZOOS OF THE WORLD.

 Michaelis, John U.
   SCHOOLS, FAMILIES, NEIGHBORHOODS.

 Michigan Consolidated Gas Co.
   HOMES FOR BLACK CHILDREN.

 Midland Federal Savings & Loan Assn., Denver.
   [MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Mikos, Mike.
   WHAT I DID LAST NIGHT YOU'LL NEVER GUESS.

 Miller, Henry.
   TROPIC OF CANCER.

 Miller, James L.
   APPROACH AND PRESENTATION.
   BREAKING THE FEAR HABIT.
   THE FEAR HABIT.
   HANDLING OBJECTIONS & CLOSING.
   ORGANIZING FOR SALES.
   PLANNING THE PRESENTATION.

 Miller, Murray Lincoln.
   THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

 Minneapolis College of Art & Design.
   POET/PHILOSOPHER.

 Minster Machine Co.
   THE DIE-NAMIC PROCESS: A DESIGN FOR PROFIT.

 Mirisch-DFI-T.F.T.
   SOME KIND OF A NUT.

 Mirisch-DePatie-Freleng.
   ANTS IN THE PANTRY.
   BRIDGEWORK.
   THE FOUL-KIN.
   HOP AND CHOP.
   ISLE OF CAPRICE.
   NEVER ON THIRSTY.
   ROBIN GOODHOOD.
   A TASTE OF MONEY.
   WAR AND PIECES.

 Mirisch Productions, Inc.
   CANNON FOR CORDOBA.
   THE LANDLORD.
   THEY CALL ME MISTER TIBBS.

 Mirisch-Rich Television Productions.
   RAT PATROL.

 Mirisch TV, Inc.
   RAT PATROL.

 Mirror Productions.
   WUSA.

 Mitchell, George J.
   THE MOVING PICTURE CAMERA.

 Money Management Institute of Household Finance Corp.
   SEE Household Finance Corp. Money Management Institute.

 Monogram Pictures Corp.
   CRIMINAL INVESTIGATOR. (R)
   FOREIGN AGENT. (R)
   ISLE OF MISSING MEN. (R)
   THE LIVING GHOST. (R)
   ONE THRILLING NIGHT. (R)
   PHANTOM KILLER. (R)
   POLICE BULLETS. (R)
   SILENT WITNESS. (R)

 Monroe Auto Equipment Co.
   LIKE IT IS.

 Monsanto, Carlos H.
   ASI ES MI TIERRA.
   LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.
   FELIZ NAVIDAD.
   HACIA LA NACION.

 Moody, Ralph.
   THE WILD COUNTRY.

 Moreland-Latchford Productions, Inc.
   CROSSTOWN ADVENTURE.

 Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.
   PIONEER COMMUNITY.

 Moreland-Latchford Productions, Ltd.
   SEE Moreland-Latchford Productions, Inc.

 Morrison, Alva.
   SEE Sunday River Productions.

 Morrow, James.
   THE VALENTINE MYSTERY.

 Morton Salt Co.
   WATER.

 Morton Salt Co. Water Conditioning Division.
   WATER.

 Motion Picture Dept., Brigham Young University.
   SEE Young (Brigham) University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.

 Motion Picture Services.
   THE HOUSE THAT GUS BUILT.

 Motion Pictures International, Inc.
   80 STEPS TO JONAH.

 Mt. San Jacinto College, Gilman Hot Springs, Calif.
   ADVANCED TOPICS IN QUADRATIC EQUATIONS.
   AGREEMENT.
   AMERICAN GOSPEL OF SUCCESS.
   ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.
   BATTERY TESTING.
   COMPLETION OF THE SQUARE.
   DETERMINANTS BY MINORS.
   DIVORCE AND RE-MARRIAGE.
   DOUBLE-CONTACT VOLTAGE REGULATOR.
   ECONOMICS & CHRISTIAN ETHICS.
   EMERGING PATTERNS OF FAMILY LIVING.
   EQUATIONS OF STRAIGHT LINE.
   EXPONENTS.
   EYE CONTACT.
   THE FOUR STROKE CYCLE ENGINE.
   FUNDAMENTAL OPERATIONS.
   GUIDING THE SEX EDUCATION OF CHILDREN.
   HARMONY.
   HOW TO OPERATE THE SPIRIT DUPLICATOR.
   HOW TO PREPARE A STENCIL USING A TYPEWRITER.
   HOW TO READ A MICROMETER.
   HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINATED DRAWING BOARD.
   INTERPERSONAL RELATIONS: FAMILY & CHILD.
   MANIFEST DESTINY.
   THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF MARRIAGE.
   THE NEW PARENT LEARNS TO LIVE WITH BABY.
   OHM'S LAW.
   PAINTING.
   PAINTING PROBLEMS.
   POLYNOMIALS.
   PRODUCTS.
   READING: CRITICISM.
   RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
   THE ROBBER BARON CONCEPT.
   RUN-TOGETHER SENTENCES.
   SENTENCE FRAGMENTS.
   SHRINKING METAL.
   SPEECH: CONCLUSION.
   STEERING GEOMETRY.
   TEXTURE IN MUSIC.
   TYPE FACTORING.
   VARIATION.

 Mt. San Jacinto Junior College District (Calif.)
   ADVANCED TOPICS IN QUADRATIC EQUATIONS.
   AGREEMENT.
   AMERICAN GOSPEL OF SUCCESS.
   ARC WELDING EQUIPMENT.
   BATTERY TESTING.
   COMPLETION OF THE SQUARE.
   DETERMINANTS BY MINORS.
   DIVORCE AND RE-MARRIAGE.
   DOUBLE-CONTACT VOLTAGE REGULATOR.
   ECONOMICS & CHRISTIAN ETHICS.
   EMERGING PATTERNS OF FAMILY LIVING.
   EQUATIONS OF STRAIGHT LINE.
   EXPONENTS.
   EYE CONTACT.
   THE FOUR STROKE CYCLE ENGINE.
   FUNDAMENTAL OPERATIONS.
   GUIDING THE SEX EDUCATION OF CHILDREN.
   HARMONY.
   HOW TO OPERATE THE SPIRIT DUPLICATOR.
   HOW TO PREPARE A STENCIL USING A TYPEWRITER.
   HOW TO READ A MICROMETER.
   HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINATED DRAWING BOARD.
   INTERPERSONAL RELATIONS: FAMILY & CHILD.
   MANIFEST DESTINY.
   THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF MARRIAGE.
   THE NEW PARENT LEARNS TO LIVE WITH BABY.
   OHM'S LAW.
   PAINTING.
   PAINTING PROBLEMS.
   POLYNOMIALS.
   PRODUCTS.
   READING: CRITICISM.
   RECONSTRUCTION AGAIN.
   THE ROBBER BARON CONCEPT.
   SHRINKING METAL.
   SPEECH: CONCLUSION.
   STEERING GEOMETRY.
   TEXTURE IN MUSIC.
   TYPE FACTORING.
   VARIATION.

 Moyer (Martin) Productions.
   BASIC BALL DRIBBLING.
   A SAFE RIDE IN YOUR SCHOOL BUS.

 Muller, Helen.
   THINGS THAT ROLL.

 Murdock, Carol.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/ EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/ DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 Murphy, Robert.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.


                                   N

 NBC News.
   SURVIVAL ON THE PRAIRIE.

 Naho Pictures.
   HOW TO COMMIT MARRIAGE.

 Narcotics Education, Inc.
   JUST ONE.

 Naso, John.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/ EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/ DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 National Assn. of Purchasing Management, Inc.
   MAKING MANAGEMENT BY OBJECTIVES WORK.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc.
   BONANZA.
   EXPO '70: WORLD'S FAIR IN JAPAN.
   GIVE US THE CHILDREN.
   MARVELOUS! MAGNIFICENT! THE METROPOLITAN MUSEUM.
   MUSIC FROM THE LAND.
   NBC WHITE PAPER.
   THE WHALE HUNTERS OF FAYAL.

 National Broadcasting Co., Inc. NBC News Division.
   SEE NBC News.

 National Congress of Parents and Teachers.
   YOUR PARLIAMENTARY PARTNER: MR. MAIN MOTION.

 National Educational Television & Radio Center.
   MARGARET MEAD'S NEW GUINEA JOURNAL.
   WHAT HARVEST FOR THE REAPER.
   THE WORLD OF CARL SANDBURG.

 National Film Board of Canada.
   BOOMSVILLE.

 National Funeral Directors Assn. of the U.S., Inc.
   OF LIFE AND DEATH.

 National General Corp.
   A MAN CALLED HORSE.

 National Geographic Society, Washington, D.C.
   ETHIOPIA: THE HIDDEN EMPIRE.
   ZOOS OF THE WORLD.

 National Golf Foundation, Inc., Chicago.
   COURTESY ON THE COURSE.

 National Knitted Outerwear Assn.
   INTRODUCTION TO KNITTING.
   OVER EDGING.

 National Knitted Outerwear Assn. Knitted Fabric Group.
   INTRODUCTION TO KNITTING.

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc.
   AT THE BIRD FARM. (R)
   BEACH COMMAND. (R)
   BRAVO MR. STRAUSS. (R)
   THE 500 HATS OF BARTHOLOMEW CUBBINS. (R)
   HIKE OR BIKE. (R)
   INA RAY HUTTON AND HER ORCHESTRA. (R)
   JASPER AT THE CHOO CHOO. (R)
   MITCHELL AYRES AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   MODERN VIKINGS. (R)
   TRADING BLOWS. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATION L2-3. (R)

 National Telefilm Associates, Inc. Repix, Inc. Subsidiary.
   SEE Repix, Inc.

 National Tuberculosis & Respiratory Disease Assn.
   SPIROMETRY: EARLY DETECTION OF CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE.

 National Wildlife Federation, Inc.
   THE WILDLIFE OF RANGER RICK.

 Nett-Link Productions.
   ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE COURTSHIP.
   ANATOMY OF A TEENAGE ENGAGEMENT.

 New Document Productions, Inc.
   DEMOCRACY: THE ROLE OF DISSENT.

 New York Times. Book & Educational Division.
   THE CITIES.

 New York Times Co.
   BLACK MEN AND IRON HORSES.
   THE CITIES.
   EMERGING INDONESIA.
   THE IMMIGRANT FROM AMERICA.
   THE LADY IN THE LINCOLN MEMORIAL.
   OH, FREEDOM.
   THE SEVENTIES: DECADE FOR DECISION.

 New Zealand National Film Unit.
   WILD SEPTEMBER SNOW.

 Newcity, Earle.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Niklason-Platt Educational Films.
   LISA! PAY ATTENTION.

 Niles (Fred A.) Communications Center, Inc.
   A FABLE.

 Nishihara, Yoshi.
   NATIONAL PARKS OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST.

 Nolan, Mary Lee.
   ASI ES MI TIERRA.
   LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.
   FELIZ NAVIDAD.
   HACIA LA NACION.
   NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.
   TARASCAN MEXICO.

 Nolan, Sidney.
   ASI ES MI TIERRA.
   LA EPOCA PRECORTESANA.
   FELIZ NAVIDAD.
   HACIA LA NACION.
   NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.
   TARASCAN MEXICO.

 Nulsen (David) Enterprises.
   LOOK AGAIN.

 Nystrom (A. J.) & Co.
   APOLLO 12.


                                   O

 Oakmont Productions, Inc.
   HELL BOATS.
   THE LAST ESCAPE.
   MOSQUITO SQUADRON.

 Olesker (Harry) Productions, Inc.
   THE ODYSSEY OF DR. PAP.

 Office du Film du Quebec.
   HEARTS.

 Ohio. State University, Columbus.
   ACIDS AND BASES IN TITRATION.
   CALIBRATION OF A THERMOMETER: MELTING POINT.
   DETERMINATION OF THE FORMULA OF A COMPOUND.
   ESTIMATION OF MOLECULAR SIZE AND AVOGADRO'S NUMBER.
   GRAVIMETRIC DETERMINATION OF SULFATE.
   MEASUREMENT OF VAPOR PRESSURE.
   MEASUREMENT--USE OF THE BALANCE.
   SOLUTION OF SALTS: THE VARIATION OF SOLUBILITY WITH TEMPERATURE.
   SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC STUDY OF COMPLEX IONS.
   SPECTROSCOPY.

 Ohio. State University, Columbus. Dept. of Chemistry.
   ACIDS AND BASES IN TITRATION.
   CALIBRATION OF A THERMOMETER: MELTING POINT.
   DETERMINATION OF THE FORMULA OF A COMPOUND.
   ESTIMATION OF MOLECULAR SIZE AND AVOGADRO'S NUMBER.
   GRAVIMETRIC DETERMINATION OF SULFATE.
   MEASUREMENT OF VAPOR PRESSURE.
   MEASUREMENT--USE OF THE BALANCE.
   SOLUTION OF SALTS: THE VARIATION OF SOLUBILITY WITH TEMPERATURE.
   SPECTROPHOTOMETRIC STUDY OF COMPLEX IONS.
   SPECTROSCOPY.

 O'Keefe, Dodie.
   BE A DANGER FIGHTER.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT CHILDREN'S ADVENTURES.
   FAVORITE POEMS OF FUN AND LAUGHTER.
   NOUNS: WHO'S WHO IN THIS CRAZY ZOO.
   PARAGRAPHS: HENRY LEARNS SOMETHING NEW.
   PUNCTUATION MARKS: MELVIN MAKES HIS MARK.
   THINGS THAT FLY.
   VERBS: A STRANGE NEW BROTHER.

 Okin, Josee Pilot-Debienne.
   LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS.
   LE FRANCAIS: CONTINUONS.

 Oldsmobile Division, General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. Oldsmobile Division.

 Oregon Tuberculosis & Health Assn.
   SPIROMETRY: EARLY DETECTION OF CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE.

 Ouida, pseud.
   SEE De la Ramee, Louisa.

 Outboard Marine Corp. Johnson Motors Division.
   NATIONAL BOATING TEST.


                                   P

 Pace Productions, Inc.
   CLEFT GRAFT.
   CONIFER AND HARDWOOD CUTTINGS.
   FLATS AND EQUIPMENT.
   POTTING.
   ROOT GRAFT.
   SEEDING.
   SOFTWOOD CUTTINGS.
   STUB GRAFT.
   TRANSPLANTING.
   WHIP GRAFT.

 Palmer, Jo Ann.
   AIDS IN SPELLING.

 Pan American World Airways.
   FAMILY OF THE ISLAND: HER NAME IS WASAMATHA.
   FAMILY OF THE RIVER: THE RIVER, MY HOME.

 Pangloss Productions, Inc.
   PEOPLE SOUP.

 Paramount Pictures Corp.
   THE ADVENTURERS.
   BORSALINO.
   CATCH-22.
   DARLING LILI.
   LITTLE FAUSS AND BIG HALSY.
   LOVE STORY.
   NEW ENGLAND'S HERITAGE TRAIL.
   ON A CLEAR DAY YOU CAN SEE FOREVER.
   PAINT YOUR WAGON.
   TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME, JUNIE MOON.
   TROPIC OF CANCER.
   WUSA.

 Paramount Pictures, Inc.
   AT THE BIRD FARM. (R)
   BEACH COMMAND. (R)
   BRAVO MR. STRAUSS. (R)
   THE 500 HATS OF BARTHOLOMEW CUBBINS. (R)
   FOR WHOM THE BELL TOLLS. (R)
   GOOD FELLOWS. (R)
   HENRY ALDRICH SWINGS IT. (R)
   HIKE OR BIKE. (R)
   HOSTAGES. (R)
   INA RAY HUTTON AND HER ORCHESTRA. (R)
   JASPER AT THE CHOO CHOO. (R)
   LET'S FACE IT. (R)
   MITCHELL AYRES AND HIS ORCHESTRA. (R)
   MODERN VIKINGS. (R)
   NO TIME FOR LOVE. (R)
   RIDING HIGH. (R)
   SALUTE FOR THREE. (R)
   TRADING BLOWS. (R)
   TRUE TO LIFE. (R)
   UNUSUAL OCCUPATION L2-3. (R)

 Parke, Davis & Co.
   VI-DRAPE OB PACK.

 Pea Produzioni Europee Associate, S.A.S.
   SABATA.

 Peller, Paul.
   ARAB WORLD AND ISLAM.
   THE BYZANTINE EMPIRE.
   WORLD OF ANCIENT ROME.

 Pennsylvania. State College, Edinboro.
   BAND CAMP.

 Pennsylvania. State University.
   GIANNI SCHICCHI: THE GROWTH OF AN OPERA.

 Pennsylvania. State University. College of Arts & Architecture. Dept.
    of Theater Arts & Music.
   GIANNI SCHICCHI: THE GROWTH OF AN OPERA.

 Perfection Form Co.
   WILLA CATHER, REBEL FROM RED CLOUD.

 Perry (Frank) Films, Inc.
   DIARY OF A MAD HOUSEWIFE.

 Peterson, Carol A.
   AMEDEO MODIGLIANI.
   CORREGGIO.
   G. B. TIEPOLO.
   GUSTAVE COURBET.
   MICHELANGELO'S FRESCOES IN THE SISTINE CHAPEL.
   PIERRE BONNARD.
   RAOUL DUFY.

 Pfizer (Chas.) & Co., Inc.
   [CHAS. PFIZER & CO. TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Pfizer (Chas.) Inc.
   SEE Pfizer (Chas.) & Co., Inc.

 Pfizer, Inc.
   SEE Pfizer (Chas.) & Co., Inc.

 Piazza, Vincent.
   CHANGING CURRENTS OF CIVIL RIGHTS, 1942-1960.

 Pike, Robert L.
   BULLITT.

 Pomes & Popcorn.
   AMERICAN NAISSANCE: JOURNEY WITH A FRIEND.

 Popeil Bros., Inc.
   KITCHEN MAGICIAN.

 Popular Science Audio-Visuals, Inc.
   ACETABULARIA: EXPERIMENTAL ALGA.
   ADDITION: BASE 5.
   AFRICAN CULTURAL BACKGROUNDS.
   AMERICAN POETRY OF THE 19TH CENTURY.
   AMERICANS ON THE MOVE.
   ANALYZING SCIENTIFIC DATA.
   ANCIENT INDIA: A CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.
   APPLIED GEOMETRY.
   ASWAN: HIGH DAM ON THE NILE.
   BIOCHEMISTRY OF ENZYME ACTION.
   BLOOD CELL PHYSIOLOGY.
   BOLIVAR.
   CAREERS IN THE COMPUTER FIELD.
   CIRCULATION.
   THE CITY IN U.S. HISTORY.
   CRISIS IN THE FAMILY.
   CYTOPLASMIC INHERITANCE.
   DESERT PLANTS AND ANIMALS.
   THE DOPPLER EFFECT.
   DROP OUT OR DROP IN.
   ECOLOGY OF NORTH AMERICAN DESERTS.
   ELEANOR ROOSEVELT: HUMANITARIAN.
   ELEMENTARY PARTICLES AND QUARKS.
   AN ENEMY OF THE PEOPLE, BY HENRIK IBSEN.
   ENERGY AND ENTROPY: DRIVING FORCE OF A CHEMICAL REACTION.
   FINE STRUCTURE OF CHROMOSOMES.
   THE GENERAL ANGLE.
   A GENERAL CONCEPT OF CONGRUENCE.
   GEOMETRIC INEQUALITIES.
   GIANTS IN THE EARTH, BY OLD RÖLVAAG.
   GREAT EXPECTATIONS, A NOVEL BY CHARLES DICKENS.
   HERMAN MELVILLE'S MOBY DICK.
   HORMONE CONTROL OF INSECT DEVELOPMENT.
   HOW CAN THE U.S.A. FIGHT POVERTY.
   HOW THE CITIZEN MAKES HIS VOICE HEARD.
   HYDRIDES AND OXIDES.
   INDEPENDENCE DAYS AROUND THE WORLD.
   INEQUALITIES.
   LABORATORY SKILLS IN CHEMISTRY.
   LEARNING ON YOUR OWN.
   LOCATING A POINT.
   THE MATHEMATICS OF MOTION.
   THE MEANING OF DECIMALS.
   A MILLION.
   MULTIPLICATION AND DIVISION.
   NUMBERS LESS THAN ZERO.
   THE OCEAN: A NEW FRONTIER.
   OSMOSIS.
   PERSONALITY IN BUSINESS.
   POE'S SHORT STORIES.
   THE PLANET MARS.
   THE POPULARITY PARADE.
   REFLECTION OF LIGHT.
   REPRODUCTION.
   RESOURCES: USE, MISUSE, RECOVERY AND DISCOVERY.
   ROUNDING NUMBERS.
   SOLAR RADIATIONS.
   SOLVING RADICAL EQUATIONS.
   SOPHOCLES' ANTIGONE.
   SPACECRAFT IN THE SOLAR SYSTEM.
   SYMBIOSIS.
   SYNTHETIC GIANT MOLECULES.
   UNREST AND DISSENT.
   UNSOLVED PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.
   URBAN REDEVELOPMENT.
   WAVES AND PULSES.
   WHAT ABOUT DRUGS.
   WHAT DOES AN OPINION POLL MEAN.
   WHAT NUMBER PROPERTIES SIGNIFY.
   WHO REALLY DISCOVERED AMERICA.
   WINDS AND AIR CURRENTS.
   WORK PROBLEMS IN MATHEMATICS.
   THE WORLD OF MICROBES.
   WORLD POPULATION PATTERNS: OUTLOOK AND IMPLICATIONS.
   YOUR JOB OUTLOOK.

 Power (Jules) International Productions.
   AUSTRALIA: INDUSTRIAL EXPANSION.
   AUSTRALIA: THE LAND AND ITS PRODUCTS.
   NEW ZEALAND: PROSPERITY BASED ON TRADE.

 Prange, Gordon W.
   TORA! TORA! TORA.

 Praxis.
   CONSPIRACY EIGHT INTERVIEW.

 Pressman Williams Enterprises, Inc.
   THE REVOLUTIONARY.

 Primary Assn. of the Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints.
   SEE Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-Day Saints. Primary Assn.

 Pro-Tel Products, Inc.
   [PRO-TEL PRODUCTS TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Productions Fox Europa.
   SECRET WORLD.

 Productions Fox-Europa, S.A.R.L.
   LE CLAN DES SICILIENS.

 Produzioni Associate Delphos, S.P.A.
   THE MERCENARY.

 Produzioni Europee Associate.
   THE MERCENARY.

 Professional Arts, Inc.
 ESCAPE TO NOWHERE.

 Profilms 21.
   THE MERCENARY.

 Project 7 Films, Inc.
   COLONIAL AMERICA: THE BEGINNINGS.
   THE COLONIAL ECONOMY.
   THE COLONIAL WAY OF LIFE.
   HIRAM FONG.

 Protheroe, Chester F.
   MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES.
   MICROBIOLOGY.
   SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY.
   THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA.


                                   Q

 Quadrant Productions.
   INDEPENDENT STUDY.

 Quality Bakers of America Cooperative, Inc.
   [QUALITY BAKERS OF AMERICA COOPERATIVE TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]


                                   R

 RKO General, Inc.
   THE ADVENTURES OF A ROOKIE. (R)
   BEHIND THE RISING SUN. (R)
   THE FALCON IN DANGER. (R)
   THE FALLEN SPARROW. (R)
   GILDERSLEEVE ON BROADWAY. (R)
   MEXICAN SPITFIRE'S BLESSED EVENT. (R)
   PETTICOAT LARCENY. (R)
   THE SAINT MEETS THE TIGER. (R)
   THE SEVENTH VICTIM. (R)
   THE SKY'S THE LIMIT. (R)

 RKO Radio British Productions, Ltd.
   THE SAINT MEETS THE TIGER. (R)

 RKO Radio Pictures, Inc.
   THE ADVENTURES OF A ROOKIE. (R)
   BEHIND THE RISING SUN. (R)
   THE FALCON IN DANGER. (R)
   THE FALLEN SPARROW. (R)
   GILDERSLEEVE ON BROADWAY. (R)
   MEXICAN SPITFIRE'S BLESSED EVENT. (R)
   PETTICOAT LARCENY. (R)
   THE SEVENTH VICTIM. (R)
   THE SKY'S THE LIMIT. (R)

 Ramee, Louisa de la.
   SEE De la Ramee, Louisa.

 Raster Productions, Inc.
   THE OWL AND THE PUSSYCAT.

 Ray, Marian.
   LIFE AND DEATH.

 Raybert Productions, Inc.
   THE MONKEES.

 Rediscovery Productions, Inc.
   THE IMMIGRANT FROM AMERICA.
   OH, FREEDOM.

 Reela Educational Films.
   ADDITION: TWO DIGIT PLUS TWO DIGIT, REGROUPING ONES TO TENS.
   THE BREATH OF LIFE: BREATHING IN THE SEA.
   THE CAPTURE OF A SMILE: DOLPHIN CAPTURE AND TRAINING.
   FISH, MASTER OF MOVEMENT: LOCOMOTION IN THE SEA.
   THE PHYLA: WHO'S WHO IN THE ANIMAL KINGDOM.
   THE SURVIVAL FACTOR: DEFENSE MECHANISMS IN THE SEA.

 Reela Film Laboratories, Inc. Reela Films Division.
   SEE Reela Educational Films.

 Reela Films.
   EGG INTO ANIMAL: ROUNDEL SKATE.
   THE HOMELY MOLLUSK (OCTOPUS VULGARIS)
   A MOST EXCEPTIONAL FISH: THE SEAHORSE.
   STRANGE PARTNERS: SYMBIOSIS IN THE SEA.
   TO CATCH A MEAL: FEEDING IN THE SEA.

 Reela Films.
   SEE Reela Educational Films.

 Reela Films Division, Reela Film Laboratories, Inc.
   SEE Reela Educational Films.

 Regents of University of Colorado.
   SEE Colorado. University. Regents.

 Remington Electric Shaver Division, Sperry Rand Corp.
   SEE Sperry Rand Corp. Remington Electric Shaver Division.

 Repix, Inc.
   ALIBI. (R)
   BEYOND THE LAST FRONTIER. (R)
   THE BLACK HILLS EXPRESS. (R)
   BORDERTOWN GUN FIGHTERS. (R)
   CALLING WILD BILL ELLIOTT. (R)
   CHATTERBOX. (R)
   DAREDEVILS OF THE WEST. (R)
   DAYS OF OLD CHEYENNE. (R)
   DEATH VALLEY MANHUNT. (R)
   FALSE FACES. (R)
   FUGITIVE FROM SONORA. (R)
   A GENTLE GANGSTER. (R)
   HEADIN' FOR GOD'S COUNTRY. (R)
   HOOSIER HOLIDAY. (R)
   THE MAN FROM THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   THE MAN FROM THUNDER RIVER. (R)
   THE MANTRAP. (R)
   NOBODY'S DARLING. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   SANTA FE SCOUTS. (R)
   A SCREAM IN THE DARK. (R)
   SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST AFRICA. (R)
   SHANTYTOWN. (R)
   SLEEPY LAGOON. (R)
   SOMEONE TO REMEMBER. (R)
   SWING YOUR PARTNER. (R)
   THUMBS UP. (R)
   WAGON TRACKS WEST. (R)
   THE WEST SIDE KID. (R)

 Repper, Patricia R.
   YOU WILL ANSWER.

 Republic Productions, Inc.
   BEYOND THE LAST FRONTIER. (R)
   THE BLACK HILLS EXPRESS. (R)
   BORDERTOWN GUN FIGHTERS. (R)
   CALLING WILD BILL ELLIOTT. (R)
   CHATTERBOX. (R)
   DARE DEVILS OF THE WEST. (R)
   DAYS OF OLD CHEYENNE. (R)
   DEATH VALLEY MANHUNT. (R)
   FALSE FACES. (R)
   FUGITIVE FROM SONORA. (R)
   A GENTLE GANGSTER. (R)
   HEADIN' FOR GOD'S COUNTRY. (R)
   HOOSIER HOLIDAY. (R)
   THE MAN FROM THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   THE MAN FROM THUNDER RIVER. (R)
   THE MANTRAP. (R)
   NOBODY'S DARLING. (R)
   RIDERS OF THE RIO GRANDE. (R)
   SANTA FE SCOUTS. (R)
   A SCREAM IN THE DARK. (R)
   SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST AFRICA. (R)
   SHANTYTOWN. (R)
   SLEEPY LAGOON. (R)
   SOMEONE TO REMEMBER. (R)
   SWING YOUR PARTNER. (R)
   THUMBS UP. (R)
   WAGON TRACKS WEST. (R)
   THE WEST SIDE KID. (R)

 Richter McBride Productions, Inc.
   THE GIFTS.

 Ripley (Arthur)-Rudolph Monter Productions.
   VOICE IN THE WIND. (R)

 Rivera, Carlos.
   LAS AFUERAS DE LA CIUDAD.
   EL BURRO QUE PRETENDIO SER LEON.
   LA CIUDAD Y EL CAMPO SE NECESITAN UNO A OTRO.
   COME VIAJAMOS.
   COMESTIBLES DEL CAMPO.
   COMO LA GENTE SE GANA LA VIDA.
   EL CONEJO QUE QUERIA SER DIFERENTE.
   EN DONDE TRABAJAN LOS PAPAS.
   EN DONDE TRABAJA MAMA.
   LA GRAN CIUDAD.
   LO QUE UNA CIUDAD FABRICA.
   EL PATITO VALIENTE Y EL VIENTO FRIO DEL NORTE.
   [SPANISH PROGRAM]
   EL TRANSPORTE ES IMPORTANTE.
   UNA VISITA A UNA GRANJA.
   UNA VISITA A UN PUEBLITO.

 Ro-Co Films.
   FROM THE CRADLE TO THE CROWN.

 Robbins, Harold.
   THE ADVENTURERS.

 Rohr, C. A.
   HOW TO OPERATE THE SPIRIT DUPLICATOR.
   HOW TO PREPARE A STENCIL USING A TYPEWRITER.
   HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINATED DRAWING BOARD.

 Roma Productions Ltd., Inc.
   LOVE IS A CAROUSEL.

 Rosen, Natalie.
   HOW TO STUDY.
   LEARNING TO HELP OTHERS.
   LEARNING TO WRITE LETTERS.

 Rosenberg (Stuart) Productions, Inc.
   WUSA.

 Roth, Marty.
   THE BOATNIKS.

 Roundtable Productions, Inc.
   A MEASURE OF UNDERSTANDING.

 Rowe, Tom.
   THE ARISTOCATS.

 Roxanne Co.
   HONEYMOON KILLERS.

 Roy (Ross) Inc.
   CAN YOU FEATURE THAT.
   CHEVY VAN CHALLENGES TRADESMAN.
   DODGE'S HIGH STANDARDS, A QUICK LOOK AT POLARA AND MONACO FOR 1971.
   FOR ALL THE LIVING YOU DO, CHRYSLER COMES THROUGH.
   GET ON BASE.
   KEEP A TIGHT LINE ON THE HOT ONES.
   KEEP IT CONVERSATIONAL.
   KEYSTONE OF CONFIDENCE.
   [1971 BARRACUDA FEATURES]
   1971 CHRYSLER-PLYMOUTH FURY COMING THROUGH BIG.
   [1971 DART/DEMON PRODUCT FILM]
   1971 DODGE TRUCKS: MAXIVALUE.
   [1971 ENGINEERING FEATURES]
   [1971 MARKET ORIENTATION FILM]
   [1971 OPTIONS]
   [1971 VALIANT/DUSTER FEATURES]
   PEOPLE PLEASERS.
   THE POWER OF SOFT-PRESSURE SELLING.
   POWER STEERING FUNDAMENTALS.
   REAR AXLE.
   THE SIX-POSITION PRESENTATION.
   WINDSHIELD WIPERS, FUNDAMENTALS AND DIAGNOSIS.

 Russell, George.
   OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

 Russell, George H.
   ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

 Russell, Kenneth.
   CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY IN SICILY.
   POMPEII.
   SCOTLAND.

 Russell, Marjorie.
   CLASSICAL MYTHOLOGY IN SICILY.
   POMPEII.
   SCOTLAND.

 Russell, Suzanne.
   OUR LITERARY HERITAGE.

 Russell, Suzanne B.
   ELEVEN CENTURIES OF FRENCH LITERATURE.

 Russo, Joseph.
   GETTING LOST.

 Ryle, Ronald W.
   GONE FISHING--FISHING GONE.


                                   S

 Saccomando, Eugene.
   BORSALINO.

 Sackler, Howard.
   THE GREAT WHITE HOPE.

 Sagittarius Productions, Inc.
   CHANGE OF MIND.
   LAST DAY OF THE WAR.

 Saint Francis Productions.
   WE DO, WE DO.
   THE WEEKEND.

 St. John, Wylly Folk.
   THE WONDERFUL WORLD OF DISNEY.

 St. Louis. Board of Education.
   HOME AWAY FROM HOME.
   PLANT HUNTERS IN PANAMA.

 San Mateo, Calif. Union High School District.
   ESCAPE TO NOWHERE.

 San Mateo Union High School District.
   SEE San Mateo, Calif. Union High School District.

 Sandburg, Carl.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

 Sarra, Inc.
   CHICAGO.

 Saunders (W. B.) Co.
   HEMATOLOGY, A MORPHOLOGIC STUDY.
   MEDICAL LABORATORY TECHNOLOGY AND CLINICAL PATHOLOGY.

 Saxon, Peter.
   SCREAM AND SCREAM AGAIN.

 Schenck (Aubrey) Enterprises, Inc.
   BARQUERO.

 Schlesinger, Brett.
   LIFE IN THE DARK AGES.
   LIFE IN THE MIDDLE AGES.

 Schmitt, Conrad J.
   LE FRANCAIS: COMMENCONS.
   LE FRANCAIS: CONTINUONS.

 Schnakenberg, John.
   COMMUNITY MANNERS.
   FARM BABIES, WAKE UP.
   SCHOOL MANNERS.

 Scholastic Magazines, Inc.
   [HOW DO I LEARN?]

 Schuster, John.
   DOUBLE-CONTACT VOLTAGE REGULATOR.
   OHM'S LAW.

 Schweitzer, S. S.
   HORNET'S NEST.

 Science Research Associates.
   [FOCUS ON SELF-DEVELOPMENT, STAGE ONE: AWARENESS]

 Scott, Louise Binder.
   STORIES FOR LISTENING: LEARNING SPEECH SOUNDS.

 Scottsdale (Ariz.) Chamber of Commerce.
   HEGIRA.

 Screen Gems, Inc.
   CHOLLY POLLY. (R)
   THE DUMBCONSCIOUS MIND. (R)
   THE GULLIBLE CANARY. (R)
   KING MIDAS JUNIOR. (R)
   MALICE IN SLUMBERLAND. (R)
   THE MONKEES.
   OLD BLACKOUT JOE. (R)
   SLAY IT WITH FLOWERS. (R)
   SONG OF VICTORY. (R)
   TITO'S GUITAR. (R)
   TOLL BRIDGE TROUBLES. (R)

 Scripps-Howard Broadcasting Co.
   WHEN HAIR CAME TO MEMPHIS.

 Secondari (John H.) Productions, Ltd.
   THE BALLAD OF THE IRON HORSE.

 Security Pictures, Inc.
   CUSTER OF THE WEST.
   KRAKATOA: EAST OF JAVA.

 Shakespeare. Sporting Goods Division.
   FISHERMAN'S KINGDOM.

 Shapiro, Edna.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Sherfield Productions.
   THE BELT AND SUSPENDERS MAN.

 Sherlock, John.
   THE LAST GRENADE.

 Sherman, Eric.
   MOONMAN I.

 Shiozaki, Erik J.
   THE MOVING IMAGE.

 Showest.
   CAREERS: SALES.

 Shuler, Jay.
   THE ROLE OF TREES IN THE ENVIRONMENT.

 Sickels, Bertha.
   GETTING LOST.
   GOING TO SCHOOL.
   A GOOD CITIZEN IN SCHOOL.
   HOW TO STUDY.
   A NEWCOMER COMES TO TOWN.
   THINGS THAT BOUNCE.
   THINGS THAT FALL.
   THINGS THAT FLOAT.
   THINGS THAT FLY.
   THINGS THAT ROLL.
   THINGS THAT STICK.
   WHEN TO BE A LEADER, WHEN TO BE A FOLLOWER.

 Sigma Productions, Inc.
   TELL ME THAT YOU LOVE ME, JUNIE MOON.

 Silver Burdett Co.
   AFRICAN ANCESTRY.
   BLACK PARTICIPATION IN THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE BLACK REVOLUTION.
   BLACK VIEWPOINTS ON THE AMERICAN REVOLUTION.
   BROADENING PERSPECTIVES.
   THE CIVIL RIGHTS MOVEMENT.
   FREDERICK DOUGLASS.
   JIM CROW AND THE PROGRESSIVES.
   RECONSTRUCTION.
   SLAVERY IN AMERICA.

 Sim Production.
   THE SHOOTING GALLERY.

 Slaichert, William M.
   BASIC: A COMPUTER LANGUAGE.

 Slayden (James) Associates.
   MR. R. O. SAFFORD'S OPPORTUNITY MEETING.

 Smith, Gerald.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT HOLIDAYS AND SEASONS.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT THE WORLD OF NATURE.

 Smith (Maurice) Productions.
   CYCLE SAVAGES.

 Smith, Robert.
   BALBOA DISCOVERS THE PACIFIC.
   SAVING OUR WILDLIFE.
   THE SEMINOLES OF THE SOUTH.

 Snelling & Snelling, Inc.
   USE OF THE TELEPHONE.

 Society for Visual Education.
   BASIC READING.

 Society for Visual Education, Inc.
   GREAT NOVELS AND THEIR AUTHORS.
   THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.
   WOODWORKING -- STATIONARY POWER TOOLS.

 Söderberg, Hjälmar.
   DOCTOR GLAS.

 Solar Productions, Inc.
   BULLITT.

 Sophisticate Film Corp.
   LET OUR WATERS LIVE.

 Soundings.
   THE CREATIVE KINDERGARTEN.

 Sperry Rand Corp. Remington Electric Shaver Division.
   [REMINGTON ELECTRIC SHAVER TELEVISION COMMERCIALS]

 Spinney, Carroll E.
   OUR CHILDREN'S HERITAGE.

 Sporting Goods, division of Shakespeare. SEE Shakespeare. Sporting
    Goods Division.

 Spring, Ira.
   NATIONAL PARKS OF THE PACIFIC NORTHWEST.

 Spyri, Johanna.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 Steelcase, Inc.
   STEP.

 Stein, Sara.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 1/EXPLORING MATERIALS.
   PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART SERIES 2/DISCOVERING TECHNIQUES.

 Sterling Movies, Inc. Educational Film Division.
   THE BREATH OF LIFE: BREATHING IN THE SEA.
   THE CAPTURE OF A SMILE: DOLPHIN CAPTURE AND TRAINING.
   FISH, MASTER OF MOVEMENT: LOCOMOTION IN THE SEA.
   THE PHYLA: WHO'S WHO IN THE ANIMAL KINGDOM.

 Stern, Joan Keller.
   MAGIC MACHINES AND OTHER TRICKS.

 Stevenson, William H.
   THE BUSHBABY.

 Stockton, Frank.
   A DISCUSSION OF FRANK STOCKTON'S THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.
   THE LADY, OR THE TIGER.

 Stoddard, Dr.
   HARMONY.
   TEXTURE IN MUSIC.

 Stolberg, Donald C.
   TRIPPING OUT.

 Stone, Robert.
   WUSA.

 Streeter, Ruth.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Sturgis-Grant Productions, Inc.
   DIAGNOSIS AND TREATMENT OF CANCER OF THE PROSTATE.

 Success Motivation Institute, Inc.
   MAKE IT HAPPEN.

 Sumrall, Clifford.
   EYE CONTACT.
   SPEECH: CONCLUSION.

 Sunburst Films, Inc.
   CAREERS: AGRI-BUSINESS.

 Sunday River Productions.
   DENVER AND RIO GRANDE NARROW GUAGE OVER CUMBRES.

 Svensk (A. B.) Filmindustri.
   THE PASSION OF ANNA.

 Swarthout Film Productions.
   HEGIRA.

 Swift, Jonathan.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.


                                   T

 T.T.P. Corp. Jam Handy Productions.
   SEE Handy (Jam) Productions.

 Tambarlee International, Inc.
   BRAINWASH '70.

 Taylor Associates.
   TELL ME A STORY.

 Teaching Films, Inc.
   ANTERIOR ASPECT OF LEG & DORSUM OF FOOT.
   ANTERIOR ASPECT OF THE THIGH.
   CORRIDOR TO EARTH.
   ENERGY IN ORBIT.
   FLIGHT TO THE PLANETS.
   LANDING ON ANOTHER WORLD.
   LOR.
   ORBITAL SHAPES & PATHS.
   OVER THE HILL TO THE MOON.
   PERIODONTAL DISEASE.
   POSTERIOR ASPECT OF THE LEG (CALF).
   PRINCIPLES OF ORBIT.
   RENDEZVOUS.
   SURGERY OF SENILE CATARACT: INTRACAPSULAR CRYOEXTRACTION.
   SURGERY OF SENILE CATARACT: OVERALL STUDY OF DETAILS.
   WHEN IS ZERO.

 Technifax. Education Division.
   ARTILLERY IN THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE FOOT SOLDIER.
   HOW WE KNOW ABOUT THE CIVIL WAR.
   SUPPORTING SERVICES.
   THE TOLL OF THE CIVIL WAR.
   THE WAR ON THE WATER.

 Tennessee Walking Horse Breeders Assn.
   FROM THE CRADLE TO THE CROWN.

 Tennyson, Alfred Tennyson, baron.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

 Terrytoons, Inc.
   ALADDIN'S LAMP. (R)
   ALL TUCKERED OUT.
   BAD LUCK DAY.
   BALLOON SNATCHER.
   CATFISH CRISIS.
   TH' CATFISH POACHIN' PELICAN.
   CHAMPION WHOPPER TELLER.
   CHICKEN BULL.
   CORN PONE LIMITED.
   DADDY FROG LEGS.
   DIAMONDS IN THE ROUGH.
   DOUBLE-BARRELED BOOM BOOM.
   DRY SPELL.
   ELUSIVE LOUIE.
   FEUD FOR THOUGHT.
   GANDY GOOSE IN CAMOUFLAGE. (R)
   GANDY GOOSE IN SOMEWHERE IN EGYPT. (R)
   GO GO GO-RILLA.
   GOING APE.
   THE GOVERNOR'S GUIDE.
   GRANDPA LAW.
   THE GREAT GRAIN ROBBERY.
   HEX MARKS THE SPOT.
   HOKEY HOME MOVIES.
   THE HUNGRY ASTRONUT.
   IMPERFECT CRIME.
   THE INVISIBEAM.
   JOLLY JUPITER.
   JUST GHOST T' SHOW YOU.
   LAWMAN TO THE RESCUE.
   THE LION AND THE MOUSE. (R)
   LOW MAN LAWMAN.
   MAMA MAGNOLIA'S PECAN PIES.
   MARTIAN MOOCHERS.
   MARTIAN RECIPE.
   THE MILKWEED FROM SPACE.
   MILLIONAIRE DEPUTY.
   MOPPING UP. (R)
   MOUNTAIN MELVIN MEETS HAIRY HARRY.
   MOVIE MAGIC.
   MULE-ITARY MANEUVERS.
   MUSEUM OF TH' SOUTH.
   THE NEVERGLADES.
   NO SPACE LIKE HOME.
   OBNOXIOUS OBIE.
   ON THE LAM WITH THE HAM.
   OPEN WIDE.
   ORBIT A LITTLE BIT.
   OSCAR'S BIRTHDAY PRESENT.
   OSCAR'S THINKING CAP.
   PEACH PLUCKIN' KANGAROO.
   THE PIG RUSTLER.
   PINCH HITTIN' FOR A PIGEON.
   THE PINK FLAMINGO.
   THE POSTER CAPER.
   PROTESTIN' PILOT.
   THE PROTON PULSATOR.
   ROYAL SOUTHERN DISMOUNTED POLICE.
   SAFE AN' INSANE 4TH.
   SAVE OL' PINEY.
   SCARE CURE.
   SCIENCE FRICTION.
   SHOW BIZ WHIZ.
   SOMETHING TO CROW ABOUT.
   SPACE COWBOY.
   SPACE INVITATION.
   SPARE THAT TREE.
   STUCK DUCK.
   SUPER MOUSE IN DOWN WITH CATS. (R)
   SUPER MOUSE RIDES AGAIN. (R)
   TERRIFIC TRAFFIC.
   YOU'RE FIRED AN' I'M TIRED.

 Thompson, Margaret.
   AN AFRICAN ESSAY.
   THE WISDOM OF WILDNESS.

 Thorne Films, Inc.
   URBANIA.

 Time, Inc.
   MONKEYS AND APES.
   POLLUTION.
   THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.
   WHALES: ECOLOGY--THE VANISHING GIANTS.

 Time-Life Photo Lab.
   MONKEYS AND APES.
   POLLUTION.
   THE SCULPTURE OF BLACK AFRICA.
   WHALES: ECOLOGY--THE VANISHING GIANTS.

 Timken Co.
   SO THE REPLACEMENT IS RIGHT.

 Tintern Research & Educational Enterprises.
   MACMILLAN ELEMENTARY SCIENCE FILMSTRIPS.

 Todd, Dana.
   CHINOOK, FISHERMEN OF THE NORTHWEST.
   THE CROW, PEOPLE OF THE GREAT PLAINS.
   HOPI AND NAVAJO, PEOPLE OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   IROQUOIS, PEOPLE OF THE LONGHOUSE.
   IRRIGATION.
   SAVING OUR LAND.
   SAVING OUR WILDLIFE.
   THE SEMINOLES OF THE SOUTH.

 Tomlinson, Robert A.
   A DIRECTION FOR TOMORROW.

 Tors (Ivan) Films, Inc.
   GENTLE BEN.

 Triangle Productions.
   HORNET'S NEST.

 Trio Productions, Inc.
   JOURNEY INTO DARKNESS.

 Troll Associates.
   ALL AROUND WITH CIRCLES.
   ALLIGATORS AND CROCODILES.
   AMAZON JUNGLE.
   AMERICAN BEARS.
   AMERICAN PRAIRIE.
   ANGLES AND MORE ANGLES.
   ANIMAL DEFENSE.
   ANIMAL SPEEDS.
   ANIMAL SWIMMING TECHNIQUES.
   ANTELOPE.
   ANTLERS AND HORNS.
   ANTS AT WORK.
   ARAB WORLD AND ISLAM.
   AROUND THE WORLD WITH MAGELLAN.
   BABY ANIMAL SURVIVAL.
   BABY BIRDS.
   BABY BIRDS, HIGH AND LOW.
   THE BADGER.
   BALBOA DISCOVERS THE PACIFIC.
   BE A DANGER FIGHTER.
   BEAKS AND BILLS.
   THE BEAVER, NATURE'S ENGINEER.
   BIGHORN SHEEP.
   BIRD MIGRATION.
   BISON.
   THE BYZANTINE EMPIRE.
   CAPITALIZATION: DON'T HIDE IN TREES, PLEASE.
   THE CARP.
   CHAMPLAIN IN THE WILDERNESS.
   CHANGING CURRENTS OF CIVIL RIGHTS, 1942-1960.
   CHINOOK, FISHERMEN OF THE NORTHWEST.
   CLAWS AND FEET.
   COMMUNITY MANNERS.
   CORTES IN THE LAND OF THE AZTECS.
   THE CROW, PEOPLE OF THE GREAT PLAINS.
   DICK WHITTINGTON AND HIS CAT.
   DISCOVERING FOSSILS.
   EAGLES OF AMERICA.
   THE ELVES AND THE SHOEMAKER.
   THE EMPEROR AND THE NIGHTINGALE.
   THE EVERGLADES.
   FALCONS.
   FARM BABIES, WAKE UP.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT ANIMALS.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT CHILDREN'S ADVENTURES.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT HOLIDAYS AND SEASONS.
   FAVORITE POEMS ABOUT THE WORLD OF NATURE.
   FAVORITE POEMS OF AMERICAN PATRIOTISM.
   FAVORITE POEMS OF FUN AND LAUGHTER.
   FLAMINGOES OF THE WORLD.
   FOLLOWING DIRECTIONS.
   FOREST FAMILIES.
   A FOURTH OF JULY ADVENTURE.
   FOX FAMILIES.
   FROM ABOLITION MOVEMENTS TO CIVIL WAR, 1850-1865.
   FROM AFRICA TO THE NEW WORLD, 1000-1713.
   FROM RECONSTRUCTION TO JIM CROW, 1865-1898.
   GEORGE WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
   GETTING LOST.
   GEYSERS AND HOT SPRINGS.
   GLACIERS AND FROZEN STREAMS.
   A GOOD CITIZEN IN SCHOOL.
   GOING TO SCHOOL.
   GRAMMAR USAGE: LET'S GIVE A SHOW.
   GREAT HORNED OWL, NOCTURNAL HUNTER.
   GROWING UP TO BE A GOOD CITIZEN.
   HATCHERIES AND TRANSPLANTING FISH -- CONSERVATION.
   HAWKS.
   THE HEADLESS HORSEMAN AND ICHABOD CRANE.
   HERDING INSTINCTS.
   HERE COMES COLUMBUS DAY.
   HERONS AND CRANES.
   HOME MANNERS.
   HOPI AND NAVAJO, PEOPLE OF THE SOUTHWEST.
   HOW A FOREST FIRE CHANGES THE LAND.
   HOW TO STUDY.
   IMPORTANCE OF ANIMAL TAILS.
   IMPORTANCE OF BIRD TAILS.
   IMPORTANCE OF TEETH.
   INLAND WATERWAYS.
   INTRODUCING ENGLISH.
   IROQUOIS, PEOPLE OF THE LONGHOUSE.
   IRRIGATION.
   JASON AND THE GOLDEN FLEECE.
   JOHN HENRY AND HIS MIGHTY HAMMER.
   JOHNNY APPLESEED.
   JORINDA AND JORINGEL.
   JUNGLE ANIMALS.
   LEADERS WHO LEFT THEIR MARK.
   LEARNING TO DO THINGS FOR YOURSELF.
   LEARNING TO HELP OTHERS.
   LEARNING TO LISTEN CAREFULLY.
   LEARNING TO WRITE LETTERS.
   LIFE IN ANCIENT EGYPT.
   LIFE IN THE DARK AGES.
   LIFE IN THE MIDDLE AGES.
   LIFE IN THE NEW AMERICAN COLONIES, 1713-1792.
   LIZARDS.
   THE LONG HARD STRUGGLE, 1898-1942.
   LOOKING UP FACTS AND INFORMATION.
   MESOPOTAMIA, CRADLE OF CIVILIZATION.
   THE MOOSE.
   MORE PARTS OF SPEECH: THE CASE OF THE MISSING MONEY BAG.
   MORE SENTENCES: THE HAUNTED HOUSE MYSTERY.
   MUSKRATS.
   A NEWCOMER COMES TO TOWN.
   NOUNS: WHO'S WHO IN THIS CRAZY ZOO.
   OPENING NEW DOORS.
   ORAL REPORTS: HOW TO TALK OUT LOUD.
   OUR FRIEND THE ROBIN.
   PARAGRAPHS: HENRY LEARNS SOMETHING NEW.
   PARTS OF SPEECH: UP AND AWAY IN A FLYING BOAT.
   PAUL BUNYAN AND HIS GREAT BLUE OX.
   PECOS BILL AND LIGHTNING.
   PEGASUS THE WINGED HORSE.
   PERCHING BIRDS, LARGEST FAMILY OF BIRDS.
   PERSEUS AND MEDUSA.
   THE PLANTATION SYSTEM, 1790-1850.
   POLLUTION.
   THE PORCUPINE AND HIS COUSINS.
   PROMETHEUS AND THE GIFT OF FIRE.
   PROTECTIVE COLORATION--ANIMALS.
   PROTECTIVE COLORATION--BIRDS.
   PUNCTUATION MARKS: MELVIN MAKES HIS MARK.
   PUNCTUATION: THERE'S A DRAGON IN MY BACKYARD.
   RABBITS, HARES AND THEIR ENEMIES.
   RACCOONS.
   RAPUNZEL.
   RECOGNIZING INDIVIDUAL DIFFERENCES.
   THE RENAISSANCE.
   RIP VAN WINKLE.
   RUMPELSTILTSKIN.
   SAVING OUR LAND.
   SAVING OUR WILDLIFE.
   SCHOOL MANNERS.
   THE SEMINOLES OF THE SOUTH.
   SENTENCES: A SILLY DAY WITH CECIL.
   SHORE BIRDS.
   SIX SIMPLE MACHINES.
   SKUNK FAMILIES.
   SNAKES OF NORTH AMERICA.
   SPELLING: HOW SPELLING ALMOST RUINED MUDVILLE'S LITTLE LEAGUE.
   SPLENDOR OF ANCIENT GREECE.
   A SPOOKY TALE FOR HALLOWEEN.
   SPRINGTIME AND BIRTH IN THE ROCKIES.
   SQUIRREL ACTIVITIES.
   STRANGE ROCK AND LAND FORMATIONS.
   SUMMERTIME GRAZING AND WORKING.
   SURFACING BIRDS.
   SURVIVAL IN WINTER.
   SWALLOWS.
   TAGGING ANIMALS FOR STUDY -- CONSERVATION.
   THESEUS AND THE MINOTAUR.
   THINGS THAT BOUNCE.
   THINGS THAT FALL.
   THINGS THAT FLOAT.
   THINGS THAT FLY.
   THINGS THAT ROLL.
   THINGS THAT STICK.
   TOADS, FROGS AND SALAMANDERS.
   TREES FOR ARBOR DAY.
   TRUMPETER SWAN.
   TURTLES.
   UNDERWATER LIFE IN STREAMS AND PONDS.
   USING REFERENCE MATERIALS.
   THE VALENTINE MYSTERY.
   VERBS: A STRANGE NEW BROTHER.
   WAPITI, AMERICAN ELK.
   WATER AND ITS MANY FACES.
   WATER ANIMALS.
   WATER BIRDS.
   WEASELS, SKUNKS AND BADGERS.
   WHAT IS A BIRD.
   WHAT IS A CARNIVORE.
   WHAT IS A FLOWER.
   WHAT IS A HERBIVORE.
   WHAT IS A MAMMAL.
   WHAT IS A REPTILE.
   WHAT IS A TREE.
   WHAT IS AN INSECT.
   WHAT IS AN INVERTEBRATE.
   WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU FAIL.
   WHAT TO DO WHEN YOU VISIT.
   WHEN TO BE A LEADER, WHEN TO BE A FOLLOWER.
   WILD ANIMAL BABIES.
   WINTERTIME WAITING AND FOOD SEARCHING.
   WOODPECKING BIRDS.
   WORLD OF ANCIENT ROME.
   YEARS OF CHALLENGE, 1960-1970.
   A YOUNG COYOTE LEARNS TO HUNT.

 Tropic Film Corp.
   TROPIC OF CANCER.

 Tuckey, Todd N.
   PEACE.

 Tureck, Karen.
   HERE COMES COLUMBUS DAY.
   PARTS OF SPEECH: UP AND AWAY IN A FLYING BOAT.

 Turman (Lawrence) Films, Inc.
   THE GREAT WHITE HOPE.

 Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp.
   ACCENT ON COURAGE. (R)
   BEYOND THE VALLEY OF THE DOLLS.
   BOMBER'S MOON. (R)
   CHAMPIONS CARRY ON. (R)
   CHETNIKS. (R)
   CLAUDIA. (R)
   CLIMBING THE PEAKS. (R)
   COAST OF STRATEGY. (R)
   CONEY ISLAND. (R)
   CRASH DIVE. (R)
   THE DANCING MASTERS. (R)
   DOCTOR GLAS.
   DOG SENSE. (R)
   FLYING GUNNERS. (R)
   FUSS AND FEATHERS. (R)
   THE GREAT WHITE HOPE.
   GUADALCANAL DIARY. (R)
   HAPPY LAND. (R)
   HEAVEN CAN WAIT. (R)
   HELLO, DOLLY.
   HELLO, FRISCO, HELLO. (R)
   HOLY MATRIMONY. (R)
   JITTERBUGS. (R)
   JUNGLE LAND. (R)
   KINGDOM OF TREASURE. (R)
   MARGIN FOR ERROR. (R)
   THE MOON IS DOWN. (R)
   MORMON TRAILS. (R)
   MOVE.
   MY FRIEND FLICKA. (R)
   MYRA BRECKINRIDGE.
   PARIS AFTER DARK. (R)
   PATTON.
   SAILS ALOFT. (R)
   STORMY WEATHER. (R)
   STRANGE EMPIRE. (R)
   STREAMLINE AND STAMINA. (R)
   SWEET ROSIE O'GRADY. (R)
   THEY CAME TO BLOW UP AMERICA. (R)
   TONIGHT WE RAID CALAIS. (R)
   TORA! TORA! TORA.
   WEAPONS FOR VICTORY. (R)
   WINTERTIME. (R)
   WOMEN IN BLUE. (R)


                                   U

 U.S. Ethicals, Inc.
   CINE CORONARY ARTERIOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE OF THE EFFICACY OF NITRONG AS A
      CORONARY VASODILATOR IN MAN.

 United Air Lines, Inc.
   CHICAGO.

 United Artists Corp.
   THE ANGEL LEVINE.
   ANTS IN THE PANTRY.
   BARQUERO.
   BRIDGEWORK.
   CANNON FOR CORDOBA.
   THE CHRISTINE JORGENSEN STORY.
   THE FOUL-KIN.
   HELL BOATS.
   UN HOMME QUI ME PLAIT.
   HOP AND CHOP.
   HORNET'S NEST.
   ISLE OF CAPRICE.
   THE LANDLORD.
   THE LAST ESCAPE.
   MOSQUITO SQUADRON.
   NED KELLY.
   NEVER ON THIRSTY.
   THE PASSION OF ANNA.
   THE REVOLUTIONARY.
   ROBIN GOODHOOD.
   SABATA.
   SOME KIND OF A NUT.
   A TASTE OF MONEY.
   THEY CALL ME MISTER TIBBS.
   UNDERGROUND.
   WAR AND PIECES.
   WILD SEPTEMBER SNOW.

 United Artists Television, Inc.
   CRIMINAL INVESTIGATOR. (R)
   FOREIGN AGENT. (R)
   ISLE OF MISSING MEN. (R)
   THE LIVING GHOST. (R)
   ONE THRILLING NIGHT. (R)
   THE PATTY DUKE SHOW.
   PHANTOM KILLER. (R)
   POLICE BULLETS. (R)
   RAT PATROL.
   SILENT WITNESS. (R)

 United Motors Service, division of General Motors Corp.
   SEE General Motors Corp. United Motors Service Division.

 U.S. Dept. of Interior. Federal Water Quality Administration. Office of
    Public Information.
   THE GIFTS.

 United States Golf Assn.
   THE U.S. OPEN: TONY JACKLIN CONQUERS HAZELTINE.

 Universal City Studios, Inc.
   THE BOLD ONES.
   MARCUS WELBY, M.D.
   THE VIRGINIAN.

 Universal City Studios, Inc., Emka Division.
   SEE Emka.

 Universal City Studios, Inc. Universal Television.
   SEE Universal Television.

 Universal Pictures.
   ALL BY MYSELF. (R)
   ALWAYS A BRIDESMAID. (R)
   ANY CHICKENS TODAY. (R)
   ARIZONA TRAIL. (R)
   THE ARMLESS DENTIST. (R)
   BOOGIE WOOGIE MAN. (R)
   CACTUS ARTIST. (R)
   CANINE COMMANDOS. (R)
   CAPTIVE WILD WOMAN. (R)
   CHOO-CHOO SWING. (R)
   CONFUSION IN INDIA. (R)
   CORVETTE K-225. (R)
   COWBOY IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   CRAZY HOUSE. (R)
   DANCING ON THE STARS. (R)
   DIARY OF A MAD HOUSEWIFE.
   THE DIZZY ACROBAT. (R)
   FARMER GENE SARAZEN. (R)
   FIRED WIFE. (R)
   FLESH AND FANTASY. (R)
   FOLLOW THE BAND. (R)
   FRONTIER BADMEN. (R)
   FRONTIER LAW. (R)
   GALS, INCORPORATED. (R)
   GET GOING. (R)
   GOOD MORNING, JUDGE. (R)
   HERS TO HOLD. (R)
   HI YA SAILOR. (R)
   HIS BUTLER'S SISTER. (R)
   HIT THE ICE. (R)
   HIT TUNE SERENADE. (R)
   HONEYMOON LODGE. (R)
   LARCENY WITH MUSIC. (R)
   THE MAD GHOUL. (R)
   MARSHAL OF GUNSMOKE. (R)
   MEATLESS TUESDAY. (R)
   MIRROR OF SUB-MARINE LIFE. (R)
   MISTER BIG. (R)
   MR. CHIMP GOES TO TOWN. (R)
   MISTER CHIMP RAISES CAIN. (R)
   MOONLIGHT AND CACTUS. (R)
   NEVER A DULL MOMENT. (R)
   NEW ORLEANS BLUES. (R)
   THE NEXT OF KIN. (R)
   1-A DOGS. (R)
   PASS THE BISCUITS MIRANDY. (R)
   PHANTOM OF THE OPERA. (R)
   RADIO MELODIES. (R)
   RATION BORED. (R)
   RHYTHM OF THE ISLANDS. (R)
   RUSSIAN REVELS. (R)
   SHEPHERD OF THE ROUNDHOUSE. (R)
   SHE'S FOR ME. (R)
   SMOKE RINGS. (R)
   SON OF DRACULA. (R)
   SO'S YOUR UNCLE. (R)
   SOUTH SEA RHYTHMS. (R)
   THE STRANGE DEATH OF ADOLPH HITLER. (R)
   SWEET JAM. (R)
   SWING YOUR PARTNER. (R)
   THIS IS THE LIFE. (R)
   TOM THUMB IN PERSON. (R)
   TOP MAN. (R)
   TWO TICKETS TO LONDON. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   YOU'RE A LUCKY FELLOW, MR. SMITH. (R)
   YUKON OUTPOST. (R)
   WESTERN COWGIRL. (R)
   WHAT WE ARE FIGHTING FOR. (R)
   WHITE SAVAGE. (R)
   WHO'S NEXT. (R)
   WIZARD OF AUTOS. (R)

 Universal Pictures Co., Inc.
   ALL BY MYSELF. (R)
   ALWAYS A BRIDESMAID. (R)
   ANY CHICKENS TODAY. (R)
   ARIZONA TRAIL. (R)
   THE ARMLESS DENTIST. (R)
   CACTUS ARTIST. (R)
   CANINE COMMANDOS. (R)
   CAPTIVE WILD WOMAN. (R)
   CHOO-CHOO SWING. (R)
   CONFUSION IN INDIA. (R)
   CORVETTE K-225. (R)
   COWBOY IN MANHATTAN. (R)
   CRAZY HOUSE. (R)
   DANCING ON THE STARS. (R)
   THE DIZZY ACROBAT. (R)
   FARMER GENE SARAZEN. (R)
   FIRED WIFE. (R)
   FLESH AND FANTASY. (R)
   FOLLOW THE BAND. (R)
   FRONTIER BADMEN. (R)
   FRONTIER LAW. (R)
   GALS, INCORPORATED. (R)
   GET GOING. (R)
   GOOD MORNING, JUDGE. (R)
   HERS TO HOLD. (R)
   HI YA SAILOR. (R)
   HIS BUTLER'S SISTER. (R)
   HIT THE ICE. (R)
   HIT TUNE SERENADE. (R)
   HONEYMOON LODGE. (R)
   LARCENY WITH MUSIC. (R)
   THE MAD GHOUL. (R)
   MARSHAL OF GUNSMOKE. (R)
   MEATLESS TUESDAY. (R)
   MIRROR OF SUB-MARINE LIFE. (R)
   MISTER BIG. (R)
   MR. CHIMP GOES TO TOWN. (R)
   MISTER CHIMP RAISES CAIN. (R)
   MOONLIGHT AND CACTUS. (R)
   NEVER A DULL MOMENT. (R)
   NEW ORLEANS BLUES. (R)
   THE NEXT OF KIN. (R)
   1-A DOGS. (R)
   PASS THE BISCUITS MIRANDY. (R)
   PHANTOM OF THE OPERA. (R)
   RADIO MELODIES. (R)
   RATION BORED. (R)
   RHYTHM OF THE ISLANDS. (R)
   RUSSIAN REVELS. (R)
   SHEPHERD OF THE ROUNDHOUSE. (R)
   SHE'S FOR ME. (R)
   SMOKE RINGS. (R)
   SON OF DRACULA. (R)
   SO'S YOUR UNCLE. (R)
   SOUTH SEA RHYTHMS. (R)
   THE STRANGE DEATH OF ADOLPH HITLER. (R)
   SWEET JAM. (R)
   SWING YOUR PARTNER. (R)
   THIS IS THE LIFE. (R)
   TOM THUMB IN PERSON. (R)
   TOP MAN. (R)
   TWO TICKETS TO LONDON. (R)
   UNIVERSAL NEWSREEL. (R)
   WESTERN COWGIRL. (R)
   WHAT WE ARE FIGHTING FOR. (R)
   WHITE SAVAGE. (R)
   WHO'S NEXT. (R)
   WIZARD OF AUTOS. (R)
   YOU'RE A LUCKY FELLOW, MR. SMITH. (R)
   YUKON OUTPOST. (R)

 Universal Pictures, Ltd.
   IN SEARCH OF GREGORY.

 Universal-Public Arts Productions.
   THE BOLD ONES.

 Universal Television.
   THE LONGEST HUNDRED MILES.

 University Films.
   SCHOOLS, TIME AND SPACE.
   SYSTEMS IN OUR CITY: ELECTRICITY.

 Upjohn Co.
   CLINICAL APPLICATIONS OF LASERS.

 Urban Media Materials, Inc.
   PUERTO RICO: HISTORY AND CULTURE.


                                   V

 VIP Distributors.
   WITHOUT A STITCH.

 Vail, Walter J.
   HISTORICAL INTERPRETATION OF NEGRO SPIRITUALS AND ANTHEM.

 Valley Instructional Television Assn.
   TOWARD IMPROVING COMPUTATION.

 Van Bernard Productions, Inc.
   THE RED SKELTON HOUR.

 Vera Films, S.P.A.
   IN SEARCH OF GREGORY.

 Verne, Jules.
   STRANGE HOLIDAY.

 Vic Films Productions, Ltd.
   IN SEARCH OF GREGORY.

 Vidal, Gore.
   MYRA BRECKINRIDGE.

 Video Films, Inc.
   LIKE IT IS.
   SUBMARINES AT WILLOW RUN.

 Viguie Film Productions, Inc.
   LUISA TENIA RAZON.

 Viking Press.
   JOEY'S CAT.

 Visual Education Centre.
   A FAMILY OF LIBERIA.
   YOUTH BUILDS A NATION IN TANZANIA.

 Visual Sciences.
   MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES.
   MICROBIOLOGY.
   SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY.
   THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA.

 Visualscope, Inc.
   FINDERS KEEPERS.
   MAKE YOUR MARKET PAY.
   ONLY PEOPLE PRODUCE PROFITS.
   THERE'S NO BUSINESS LIKE NEW BUSINESS.

 Vitagraph, Inc.
   SHAMROCK AND ROLL.
   SKYSCRAPER CAPER.
   RABBIT STEW AND RABBITS TOO.

 Volkswagen of America, Inc.
   AIR-COOLED ENGINE-UITY.
   WILD, WILD WAGENS.

 Volz, Friedel.
   THE CERTIFIED DENTAL ASSISTANT.


                                   W

 W. A. B. Motion Picture Productions, Inc.
   TRAIL OF THE HUNTER.

 WTTW (Television Station) Chicago.
   TO FEED THE HUNGRY.

 Waica Films.
   JOURNEY TO CHINALE.

 Walcutt, Charles C.
   BASIC READING.

 Walker Manufacturing Co.
   A JACK FOR EVERY JOB.

 Ward's Natural Science Establishment, Inc.
   AMINO ACID STRUCTURE AND THE PEPTIDE LINK.
   CARBOHYDRATE STRUCTURE AND THE GLYCOSIDIC LINK.
   INTRODUCTION TO AMINO ACIDS.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL MEASUREMENTS.
   INTRODUCTION TO BIOLOGICAL OXIDATION AND ATP.
   INTRODUCTION TO CARBOHYDRATES.
   INTRODUCTION TO DNA.
   INTRODUCTION TO FATS.
   INTRODUCTION TO PHOTOSYNTHESIS.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE ANIMAL CELL.
   INTRODUCTION TO THE NITROGEN CYCLE.
   PROTEINS AND DEAMINATION.

 Warner Bros., Inc.
   THE BALLAD OF CABLE HOGUE.

 Warner Bros. Pictures, Inc.
   YANKEE DOODLE DANDY. (R)

 Warner Bros.-Seven Arts, Inc.
   BULLITT.
   CAMELOT.
   80 STEPS TO JONAH.
   THE GOOD GUYS AND THE BAD GUYS.
   ON MY WAY TO THE CRUSADES I MET A GIRL WHO.
   RABBIT STEW AND RABBITS TOO.
   SHAMROCK AND ROLL.
   SKYSCRAPER CAPER.

 Warriros Co.
   KELLY'S HEROES.
   THE VALLEY OF GWANGI.

 Washer, Wendell O.
   THE ROUND.

 Washington University, St. Louis.
   BEHAVIOR THERAPY OR CLIENT-CENTERED THERAPY: A DEBATE BETWEEN JOHN D.
      KRUMBOLTZ AND C. H. PATTERSON.
   C. H. PATTERSON: CLIENT-CENTERED COUNSELING.
   CARL ROGERS: ON FACILITATING A GROUP.
   RUDOLPH DREIKURS: INDIVIDUAL PSYCHOLOGY IN COUNSELING AND EDUCATION.

 Water Conditioning Division, Morton Salt Co.
   SEE Morton Salt Co. Water Conditioning Division.

 Waterman, A. H.
   THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF MARRIAGE.
   PAINTING PROBLEMS.

 Weaver, Pam.
   THE NATURE AND PURPOSE OF MARRIAGE.
   PAINTING PROBLEMS.

 Weber, Harvey.
   THE MOVING PICTURE CAMERA.

 Webster Division, McGraw-Hill Book Co.
   SEE McGraw-Hill Book Co. Webster Division.

 Wells, Paul.
   PAINTING.
   PAINTING PROBLEMS.
   SHRINKING METAL.

 Werrenrath, Reinald, Jr.
   THE EVOLUTION OF HANDS.
   FIND THE VOWELS.
   ONE BIG OCEAN.
   WATER POLLUTION: CAN WE KEEP OUR WATER CLEAN.
   YOUR ENVIRONMENT IS THE EARTH.

 Westbrook, Robert T.
   THE MAGIC GARDEN OF STANLEY SWEETHEART.

 Westinghouse Electric Corp.
   NO-TURN SPEED BROIL.

 Weston Woods Studios, Inc.
   THE FISHERMAN AND HIS WIFE.
   THE LITTLE DRUMMER BOY.

 Wexler Films.
   HOW A HAMBURGER TURNS INTO YOU.
   SPIROMETRY: EARLY DETECTION OF CHRONIC OBSTRUCTIVE PULMONARY DISEASE.
   VITAMINS FROM FOOD.

 White, T. H.
   CAMELOT.

 Wilde, Oscar Fingall O'Flaherte Wills.
   FAVORITE CHILDREN'S BOOKS.

 Wilder, Thornton.
   HELLO, DOLLY.

 Wiley (John) & Sons, Inc.
   ATOMIC AND BONDING ORBITALS.
   COLORIMETRIC ANALYSIS WITH THE SPECTRONIC 20.
   CORROSION OF ALUMINUM, CORROSION III.
   THE CRITICAL POINT.
   CRYSTAL STRUCTURE OF METALS.
   HYDROGEN EMBRITTLEMENT, CORROSION II.
   INTRODUCTION & GAS CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   LIQUID CHROMATOGRAPHY.
   THE MERCURY BEATING HEART.
   A MODEL OF THE KINETIC MOLECULAR CONCEPT.
   ON WRITING CHEMICAL EQUATIONS.
   ON WRITING CHEMICAL EQUATIONS, REDOX.
   OPERATION OF THE pH METER, BECKMAN MODEL 72.
   STREAMING BIREFRINGENCE.
   TITRATION.

 Winik Films Corp.
   NEW ENGLAND'S HERITAGE TRAIL.

 Winkast Film Productions, Ltd.
   THE WALKING STICK.

 Winn, Marie.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE LAWS.
   WHY PEOPLE HAVE SPECIAL JOBS: THE MAN WHO MADE SPINNING TOPS.
   WHY WE HAVE TAXES: THE TOWN THAT HAD NO POLICEMAN.
   WHY WE USE MONEY: THE FISHERMAN WHO NEEDED A KNIFE.

 Wombat Productions, Inc.
   ALMOST EVERYONE DOES.

 Wometco Enterprises, Inc. Reela Educational Films Division.
   SEE Reela Educational Films.

 Wometco Enterprises, Inc. Reela Films Division.
   SEE Reela Films.

 Wood (Francis Carter) Inc.
   FISHERMAN'S KINGDOM.

 Woodbridge, Beatrice.
   ABOUT MYSELF.
   I TALK -- I THINK -- I REASON.
   THE WORLD AROUND ME.

 Woodfall, Ltd.
   NED KELLY.

 Wordsworth, William.
   A VISUAL ANTHOLOGY OF POETRY.

 Wyman, Jan.
   AUDIOVISUAL LIBRARY.

 Wyndham, Charles P.
   AIRBORN.


                                   X

 Xanadu Productions, Inc.
   THE HIGH CHAPARRAL.


                                   Y

 Yergin, Irving.
   THE MURDER GAME.

 Young (Brigham) University.
   THE CHURCH MEMBER AND MILITARY SERVICE.
   WHAT ABOUT THAD.

 Young (Brigham) University, Provo, Utah. Motion Picture Dept.
   THE CHURCH MEMBER AND MILITARY SERVICE.
   ME AND ABOUT TWENTY OTHERS: SCHOOL HEALTH -- WHOSE RESPONSIBILITY.
   A VERY DIFFERENT WORLD.
   WHAT ABOUT THAD.


                                   Z

 Zalucky, Henry K.
   THIS IS THE SOVIET UNION.

 Zwart, Gerrit C.
   MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES.
   MICROBIOLOGY.
   SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY.
   THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA.

 Zwart, Helen Smith.
   MAN AND OTHER PRIMATES.
   MICROBIOLOGY.
   SPERMATOPHYTA AND GENERAL BIOLOGY.
   THALLOPHYTA, BRYOPHYTA, AND PTERIDOPHYTA.

           ✫ U. S. GOVERNMENT PRINTING OFFICE: 1971 O-427-222


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                       Abbreviations and Symbols


The following list includes abbreviations and symbols used in this
catalog with specific copyright or bibliographic meanings.

 (A)               author(s)

 a.a.d.o.          accepted alternative designation of

 a.k.a.            also known as

 acc.              accompaniment

 Adm. c.t.a.       Administrator(s) cum testamento annexo

 Adm. d.b.n.c.t.a.  Administrator(s) de bonis non cum testamento annexo

 appl.             application

 approx.           approximate, approximately

 arr.              arranged, arrangement, arranged by

 Aufl.             Auflage

 augm.             augmented

 Ausg.             Ausgabe

 b&w               black and white

 Bd.               Band (German)

 bearb.            bearbeitet

 ©                 copyright symbol

 (C)               child or children of the deceased author

 ca.               circa

 chap.             chapter(s)

 col.              colored

 comp.             compiler

 d.b.a.            doing business as

 (E)               executor(s) of the author

 ed.               edition, editor

 enl.              enlarged

 fr.               frames

 ft.               feet

 hrsg.             herausgegeben

 illus.            illustration(s)

 m                 music, music by

 min.              minutes

 mm.               millimeters

 (NK)              next of kin of the deceased author

 NM                new matter

 no.               number(s)

 nouv.             nouveau, nouvelle

 op.               opus

 p.                page(s)

 (PCB)             proprietor of copyright in a work copyrighted by a
                    corporate body otherwise than as assignee or licensee
                    of the individual author

 (PCW)             proprietor of copyright in a composite work

 (PPW)             proprietor of copyright in a posthumous work

 (PWH)             proprietor of copyright in a work made for hire

 prev.             previous, previously

 print.            printing

 priv. print.      privately printed

 pseud.            pseudonym

 pt.               part, parts

 pty.              proprietary

 pub.              published, publishing

 R, (R)            renewal registration

 reg.              registered, registration

 rev.              revised

 sd.               sound

 sec.              seconds

 ser.              series

 si.               silent

 suppl.            supplement

 t.                tome, tomo

 T., Th.           Teil, Theil

 t.a.              trading as

 t.p.              title page

 tr.               translator

 v., vol.          volume, volumes

 w                 words, words by

 (W)               widow of the author

 (Wr)              widower of the author


 These entries alone may not reflect the complete Copyright Office record
  pertaining to a particular work. Contact the U.S. Copyright Office for
         information about any additional records that may exist.

------------------------------------------------------------------------




                          TRANSCRIBER’S NOTES


  Copy-
  right
 Regis-
  tra-            Changed From                     Changed To
 tion or
  Page
 Number

 A196132 Popular Science Audio Visuals,  Popular Science Audio-Visuals,
           Inc.                            Inc.

 JP12118 Jerry LaMatery                  Jerry LaMattery

 JP12213 McGraw-Hill Text Films          McGraw-Hill Text-Films

 JP12214 McGraw-Hill Text Films          McGraw-Hill Text-Films

 JP12215 McGraw-Hill Text Films          McGraw-Hill Text-Films

 JP12255 Nicki Rossi                     Nick Rossi

 JP12327 Beverie Burgard                 Beverlie Burgard

 JP12506 National Congres of Parents and National Congress of Parents
           Teachers                        and Teachers

 JP12523 Mt. San Jancinto Junior College Mt. San Jacinto Junior College
           District                        District

 JP12613 VENTILATOR CHECKS II            VENTILATOR CHECKS, II

 JP12759 Melvin Brodhaug                 Melvin Brodshaug

 JU12687 5Ovt70                          5Oct70

 LP37433 Dajaq, S.A.                     Danjaq, S.A.

 LP37629 25Mar68                         © 25Mar68

 LP37635 Mirisch D.F.                    Mirisch-D.F.

 LP37662 The biography of a grizzle      The biography of a grizzly

 LP37838 LP3783?                         LP37838

 LP37965 Mirisch D-F                     Mirisch-D.F.

 LP38113 © Mirisch- © Mirisch-DFI-T.F.T. © Mirisch-DFI-T.F.T.

 LP38242 MEXICAN-AMERCAN CULTURE, ITS    MEXICAN-AMERICAN CULTURE, ITS
           HERITAGE                        HERITAGE

 LP38251 Mirish Productions.             Mirisch Productions.

 MP20105 Raybar Technical Film Films     Raybar Technical Films

 MP20377 Encyclopaedia Britanica         Encyclopaedia Britannica
           Educational Corp.               Educational Corp.

 MP20389 Encylopaedia Britannica         Encyclopaedia Britannica
           Educational Corp.               Educational Corp.

 MP20394 Donald Richard Hamm             Donald Richard Ham

 MP20485 Doubleday Co., Inc.             Doubleday & Co., Inc.

 MP20526 Encylopaedia Britannica         Encyclopaedia Britannica
           Educational Corp.               Educational Corp.

 MP20598 Niklason-Plat Educational Films Niklason-Platt Educational
                                           Films

 MU8169  Ausio Visual Specialties        Audio Visual Specialties

 R478965 Columbia Pictures Industries,   Columbia Pictures Industries,
           Inc. (PHW)                      Inc. (PWH)

 R479241 United Artists. Television,     United Artists. Television,
           Inc. (PHW)                      Inc. (PWH)

 R479242 United Artists Television, Inc. United Artists Television, Inc.
           (PHW)                           (PWH)

 R481403 Metro Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH) Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer, Inc. (PWH)

 R486267 RKO General, Inc. (PHW)         RKO General, Inc. (PWH)

 R497077 Twentieth Century Fox Film      Twentieth Century-Fox Film
           Corp.                           Corp.

 3       EARLY CIVILIATIONS OF THE       EARLY CIVILIZATIONS OF THE
           NON-WESTERN WORLD               NON-WESTERN WORLD

 5       BOWMAR EARLY CHILHOOD SERIES    BOWMAR EARLY CHILDHOOD SERIES

 47      SCREEN SNAPSHOPS                SCREEN SNAPSHOTS

 58      Burgard, Beverie                Burgard, Beverlie

 64      LaMatery, Jerry                 LaMattery, Jerry

 79      CELEBRATING FLAG. DAY           CELEBRATING FLAG DAY

 100     MARCUS WELBY, M. D.             MARCUS WELBY, M.D.

         PHONO VIEWER PROGRAM, ART       PHONO-VIEWER PROGRAM, ART
 102       SERIES 2/DISCOVERING            SERIES 2/DISCOVERING
           TECHNIQUES                      TECHNIQUES

 110     MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN  MIDLAND FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN
           ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERICALS    ASSN. TELEVISION COMMERICIALS

 133     PHOTOSYNTHESES: THE BIOCHEMICAL PHOTOSYNTHESIS: THE BIOCHEMICAL
           PROCESS                         PROCESS

 137     LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION      LEVER BROS. CO. TELEVISION
           COMMERICALS                     COMMERCIALS

 140     HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINIATED     HOW TO USE THE ILLUMINATED
           DRAWING BOARD                   DRAWING BOARD

 141     Oesker (Harry) Productions,     Olesker (Harry) Productions,
           Inc.                            Inc.

 142     THE POPULARITY PRARADE          THE POPULARITY PARADE

 142     SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST       SECRET SERVICE IN DARKEST
           ARFICA                          AFRICA

 145     HORNET S NEST                   HORNET’S NEST

 145     PROTECTIVE COLORATION --        PROTECTIVE COLORATION--ANIMALS
           AMINALS

 145     TRUMPERTER SWAN                 TRUMPETER SWAN

 1. Corrected spelling, accents, grammar, hyphenation, and punctuation
    of names according to the following guidelines.
        ● The names of movies in the main Motion Pictures list
          determined usage unless all the Index entries indicate
          otherwise. See change list.
        ● The names of individuals and companies featured in the Index
          listing determined usage unless all of the Motion Pictures
          entries indicated otherwise. See change list.

 2. Silently corrected simple spelling, grammar, and typographical
    errors of other than names of movies, persons, and companies as
    mentioned previously.
 3. Otherwise retained anachronistic and non-standard spellings as
    printed.
 4. Enclosed italics font in _underscores_.





End of the Project Gutenberg EBook of Motion Pictures and Filmstrips, 1970, by 
Copyright Office Library of Congress

*** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK MOTION PICTURES, FILMSTRIPS, 1970 ***

***** This file should be named 63357-0.txt or 63357-0.zip *****
This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
        http://www.gutenberg.org/6/3/3/5/63357/

Produced by Richard Tonsing and the Online Distributed
Proofreading Team at https://www.pgdp.net (This file was
produced from images generously made available by The
Internet Archive)

Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions will
be renamed.

Creating the works from print editions not protected by U.S. copyright
law means that no one owns a United States copyright in these works,
so the Foundation (and you!) can copy and distribute it in the United
States without permission and without paying copyright
royalties. Special rules, set forth in the General Terms of Use part
of this license, apply to copying and distributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works to protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm
concept and trademark. Project Gutenberg is a registered trademark,
and may not be used if you charge for the eBooks, unless you receive
specific permission. If you do not charge anything for copies of this
eBook, complying with the rules is very easy. You may use this eBook
for nearly any purpose such as creation of derivative works, reports,
performances and research. They may be modified and printed and given
away--you may do practically ANYTHING in the United States with eBooks
not protected by U.S. copyright law. Redistribution is subject to the
trademark license, especially commercial redistribution.

START: FULL LICENSE

THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK

To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting the free
distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
(or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full
Project Gutenberg-tm License available with this file or online at
www.gutenberg.org/license.

Section 1. General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works

1.A. By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
(trademark/copyright) agreement. If you do not agree to abide by all
the terms of this agreement, you must cease using and return or
destroy all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your
possession. If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a
Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound
by the terms of this agreement, you may obtain a refund from the
person or entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph
1.E.8.

1.B. "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark. It may only be
used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
agree to be bound by the terms of this agreement. There are a few
things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
even without complying with the full terms of this agreement. See
paragraph 1.C below. There are a lot of things you can do with Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this
agreement and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works. See paragraph 1.E below.

1.C. The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the
Foundation" or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection
of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works. Nearly all the individual
works in the collection are in the public domain in the United
States. If an individual work is unprotected by copyright law in the
United States and you are located in the United States, we do not
claim a right to prevent you from copying, distributing, performing,
displaying or creating derivative works based on the work as long as
all references to Project Gutenberg are removed. Of course, we hope
that you will support the Project Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting
free access to electronic works by freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm
works in compliance with the terms of this agreement for keeping the
Project Gutenberg-tm name associated with the work. You can easily
comply with the terms of this agreement by keeping this work in the
same format with its attached full Project Gutenberg-tm License when
you share it without charge with others.

1.D. The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
what you can do with this work. Copyright laws in most countries are
in a constant state of change. If you are outside the United States,
check the laws of your country in addition to the terms of this
agreement before downloading, copying, displaying, performing,
distributing or creating derivative works based on this work or any
other Project Gutenberg-tm work. The Foundation makes no
representations concerning the copyright status of any work in any
country outside the United States.

1.E. Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:

1.E.1. The following sentence, with active links to, or other
immediate access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must appear
prominently whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work
on which the phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the
phrase "Project Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed,
performed, viewed, copied or distributed:

  This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
  most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no
  restrictions whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it
  under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included with this
  eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the
  United States, you'll have to check the laws of the country where you
  are located before using this ebook.

1.E.2. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is
derived from texts not protected by U.S. copyright law (does not
contain a notice indicating that it is posted with permission of the
copyright holder), the work can be copied and distributed to anyone in
the United States without paying any fees or charges. If you are
redistributing or providing access to a work with the phrase "Project
Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the work, you must comply
either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 or
obtain permission for the use of the work and the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.3. If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and distribution
must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any
additional terms imposed by the copyright holder. Additional terms
will be linked to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works
posted with the permission of the copyright holder found at the
beginning of this work.

1.E.4. Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.

1.E.5. Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Project
Gutenberg-tm License.

1.E.6. You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including
any word processing or hypertext form. However, if you provide access
to or distribute copies of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format
other than "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official
version posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site
(www.gutenberg.org), you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense
to the user, provide a copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means
of obtaining a copy upon request, of the work in its original "Plain
Vanilla ASCII" or other form. Any alternate format must include the
full Project Gutenberg-tm License as specified in paragraph 1.E.1.

1.E.7. Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.

1.E.8. You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
provided that

* You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
  the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
  you already use to calculate your applicable taxes. The fee is owed
  to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he has
  agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation. Royalty payments must be paid
  within 60 days following each date on which you prepare (or are
  legally required to prepare) your periodic tax returns. Royalty
  payments should be clearly marked as such and sent to the Project
  Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation at the address specified in
  Section 4, "Information about donations to the Project Gutenberg
  Literary Archive Foundation."

* You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
  you in writing (or by e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
  does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
  License. You must require such a user to return or destroy all
  copies of the works possessed in a physical medium and discontinue
  all use of and all access to other copies of Project Gutenberg-tm
  works.

* You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of
  any money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
  electronic work is discovered and reported to you within 90 days of
  receipt of the work.

* You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
  distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.

1.E.9. If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work or group of works on different terms than
are set forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing
from both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and The
Project Gutenberg Trademark LLC, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm
trademark. Contact the Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.

1.F.

1.F.1. Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
works not protected by U.S. copyright law in creating the Project
Gutenberg-tm collection. Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may
contain "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate
or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or other
intellectual property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or
other medium, a computer virus, or computer codes that damage or
cannot be read by your equipment.

1.F.2. LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
of Replacement or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
liability to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
fees. YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3. YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
DAMAGE.

1.F.3. LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
written explanation to the person you received the work from. If you
received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium
with your written explanation. The person or entity that provided you
with the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in
lieu of a refund. If you received the work electronically, the person
or entity providing it to you may choose to give you a second
opportunity to receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund. If
the second copy is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing
without further opportunities to fix the problem.

1.F.4. Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO
OTHER WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT
LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.

1.F.5. Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of
damages. If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement
violates the law of the state applicable to this agreement, the
agreement shall be interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or
limitation permitted by the applicable state law. The invalidity or
unenforceability of any provision of this agreement shall not void the
remaining provisions.

1.F.6. INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in
accordance with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the
production, promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
electronic works, harmless from all liability, costs and expenses,
including legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of
the following which you do or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this
or any Project Gutenberg-tm work, (b) alteration, modification, or
additions or deletions to any Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any
Defect you cause.

Section 2. Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm

Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of
computers including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers. It
exists because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations
from people in all walks of life.

Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
goals and ensuring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
remain freely available for generations to come. In 2001, the Project
Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future
generations. To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation and how your efforts and donations can help, see
Sections 3 and 4 and the Foundation information page at
www.gutenberg.org



Section 3. Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation

The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by the Internal
Revenue Service. The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
number is 64-6221541. Contributions to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent permitted by
U.S. federal laws and your state's laws.

The Foundation's principal office is in Fairbanks, Alaska, with the
mailing address: PO Box 750175, Fairbanks, AK 99775, but its
volunteers and employees are scattered throughout numerous
locations. Its business office is located at 809 North 1500 West, Salt
Lake City, UT 84116, (801) 596-1887. Email contact links and up to
date contact information can be found at the Foundation's web site and
official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact

For additional contact information:

    Dr. Gregory B. Newby
    Chief Executive and Director
    gbnewby@pglaf.org

Section 4. Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
Literary Archive Foundation

Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
array of equipment including outdated equipment. Many small donations
($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to maintaining tax exempt
status with the IRS.

The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
States. Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
considerable effort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
with these requirements. We do not solicit donations in locations
where we have not received written confirmation of compliance. To SEND
DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any particular
state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate

While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
approach us with offers to donate.

International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
outside the United States. U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.

Please check the Project Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
methods and addresses. Donations are accepted in a number of other
ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations. To
donate, please visit: www.gutenberg.org/donate

Section 5. General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works.

Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project
Gutenberg-tm concept of a library of electronic works that could be
freely shared with anyone. For forty years, he produced and
distributed Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of
volunteer support.

Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
editions, all of which are confirmed as not protected by copyright in
the U.S. unless a copyright notice is included. Thus, we do not
necessarily keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper
edition.

Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search
facility: www.gutenberg.org

This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.

